Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
>>> THE COUNTRY MUSIC
ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR IS --
LORETTA LYNN!
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> I'D LIKE TO
SAY THAT I'VE WON
A LOT OF AWARDS.
AND THIS IS ONE
THAT I HAVE BEEN
NOMINATED FOR BUT I NEVER DID
GET.
AND THIS I THINK
IS THE ONLY ONE
THAT I HAVEN'T GOTTEN.
THE ONLY -- I'M
REAL HAPPY. BUT
THE ONLY THING I'M KIND OF SAD
ABOUT IS MY HUSBAND IS GOING
HUNTING.
HE COULDN'T MAKE IT BACK IN TO
SHARE MY HAPPINESS WITH ME.
THANK YOU.
♪
♪ YOU'VE COME TO TELL ME
SOMETHING YOU SAY I OUGHT TO
KNOW ♪
♪ THAT HE HE DON'T LOVE ME
ANYMORE ♪
♪ AND I'LL HAVE TO LET HIM GO
♪ YOU SAY YOU'RE GONNA TAKE
HIM ♪
♪ OH. BUT I DON'T THINK YOU
CAN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU AIN'T
WOMAN ENOUGH
TO TAKE MY MAN ♪
♪ WOMEN LIKE YOU
THEY'RE A DIME
A DOZEN ♪
♪ YOU CAN BUY 'EM ANYWHERE
♪ FOR YOU TO GET
TO HIM I'D HAVE
TO MOVE OVER ♪
♪ AND I'M GONNA STAND RIGHT
HERE ♪
♪ IT'LL BE OVER
MY DEAD BODY. SO
GET OUT WHILE YOU CAN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU AIN'T
WOMAN ENOUGH
TO TAKE MY MAN ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ WELL. YOU THOUGHT I'D BE
WAITIN UP WHEN YOU CAME HOME
LAST NIGHT ♪
♪ YOU'D BEEN OUT WITH ALL THE
BOYS AND YOU ENDED UP HALF
TIGHT ♪
♪ LIQUOR AND LOVE. THEY JUST
DON'T MIX ♪
♪ LEAVE THE BOTTLE OR ME
BEHIND ♪
♪ NO. DON'T COME
HOME A DRINKIN
WITH LOVIN' ON YOUR MIND ♪
♪ NO. DON'T COME
HOME A DRINKIN'
WITH LOVIN' ON YOUR MIND ♪
♪ JUST STAY OUT THERE ON THE
TOWN AND SEE WHAT
YOU CAN FIND ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IF YOU WANT THAT KIND
OF LOVIN'. WELL.
YOU DON'T NEED
ON?
OF MINE ♪
♪ NO. DON'T COME
HOME A DRINKIN'
WITH LOVIN' ON YOUR MIND ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ WELL. I LIKE MY LOVIN' DONE
COUNTRY STYLE ♪
♪ AND THIS LITTLE GIRL WOULD
WALK A COUNTRY MILE ♪
♪ TO FIND HER A GOOD OLD
SLOW-TALKIN' COUNTRY BOY ♪
♪ I SAID A COUNTRY BOY
♪ HEY. I'M ABOUT AS
OLD-FASHIONED AS I CAN BE ♪
♪ AND I HOPE YOU'RE LIKIN WHAT
YOU SEE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IF YOU'RE LOOKIN' AT
ME ♪
♪ YOU'RE LOOKIN' AT COUNTRY
♪ YOU DON'T SEE
NO CITY WHEN YOU
LOOK AT ME ♪
♪ 'CAUSE COUNTRY'S ALL I AM
♪ I LOVE RUNNIN' BAREFOOTED
THROUGH THE OLD CORNFIELDS ♪
♪ I LOVE THAT COUNTRY HAM
♪ WELL. YOU SAY
I'M MADE JUST TO
FIT YOUR PLANS ♪
♪ BUT THERE'S A
BARNYARD SHOVEL
FIT YOUR HANDS ♪
♪ IF YOUR EYES ARE ON ME
♪ YOU'RE LOOKIN' AT COUNTRY
♪ IF YOU WERE LOOKING AT
LORETTA ♪
♪ YOU'RE LOOKING AT COUNTRY
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ WELL. I WAS BORNED A COAL
MINER'S DAUGHTER ♪
♪ IN A CABIN ON A HILL IN
BUTCHER HOLLER ♪
♪ WE WERE POOR BUT WE HAD LOVE
♪ THAT'S THE ONE THING THAT
DADDY MADE SURE OF ♪
♪ HE SHOVELED COAL TO MAKE A
POOR MAN'S DOLLAR ♪
♪ WELL. MY DADDY WORKED ALL
NIGHT IN THE VAN LEAR COAL
MINES ♪
♪ ALL DAY LONG IN THE FIELD A
HOEIN' CORN ♪
♪ MOMMY ROCKED THE BABIES AT
NIGHT ♪
♪ AND READ THE
BIBLE BY THE COAL
OIL LIGHT ♪
♪ AND EVERYTHING
WOULD START ALL
OVER COME BREAK OF MORN ♪
♪ DADDY LOVED AND RAISED EIGHT
KIDS ON A MINER'S PAY ♪
♪ MOMMY SCRUBBED
OUR CLOTHES ON
A WASHBOARD EVERY DAY ♪
♪ WHY. I'VE SEEN HER FINGERS
BLEED ♪
♪ TO COMPLAIN THERE WAS NO
NEED ♪
♪ SHE'D SMILE IN MOMMY'S
UNDERSTANDING WAY ♪
♪ IN THE SUMMERTIME WE DIDN'T
HAVE SHOES TO WEAR ♪
♪ BUT IN THE
WINTERTIME WE'D ALL
GET A BRAND NEW PAIR ♪
♪ FROM A MAIL ORDER CATALOG
♪ MONEY MADE FROM SELLING A
HOG ♪
♪ DADDY ALWAYS MANAGED TO GET
THE MONEY SOMEWHERE ♪
♪ YEAH. I'M PROUD TO BE A COAL
MINER'S DAUGHTER ♪
♪ AND I REMEMBER WELL THE WELL
WHERE I DREW WATER ♪
♪ THE WORK WE DONE WAS HARD
♪ AT NIGHT WE'D
SLEEP 'CAUSE WE
WERE TIRED ♪
♪ I NEVER THOUGHT OF EVER
LEAVING BUTCHER HOLLER ♪
♪ WELL. A LOT OF THINGS HAVE
CHANGED SINCE WAY BACK THEN ♪
♪ OH. AND IT'S SO GOOD TO BE
BACK HOME AGAIN ♪
♪ NOT MUCH LEFT
BUT THE FLOORS.
NOTHING LIVES HERE ANYMORE ♪
♪ CEPT THE MEMORIES OF A COAL
MINER'S DAUGHTER ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: TONIGHT. THE
BIGGEST STARS IN COUNTRY MUSIC
ARE COMING TOGETHER
IN THE HEART
OF MUSIC CITY FOR COUNTRY
MUSIC'S BIGGEST NIGHT.
IT'S THE 56th
ANNUAL CMA AWARDS.
AND NOW. HERE ARE YOUR HOSTS.
LUKE BRYAN AND PEYTON MANNING.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> WELCOME TO THE 2022 CMA
AWARDS.
I'M YOUR HOST. LUKE BRYAN.
>> AND I'M YOUR OTHER HOST.
PEYTON MANNING.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED -- THANK
YOU.
I HAVE ALWAYS
WANTED TO HOST THE
CMA AWARDS.
AFTER ALL. THIS IS THE SUPER
BOWL OF COUNTRY MUSIC.
>> YEP.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I KIND OF THINK THE SUPER BOWL
IS THE CMA AWARDS OF FOOTBALL.
>> EITHER WAY.
LUKE. THERE ARE A
LOT OF PARALLELS BETWEEN
FOOTBALL AND THIS YEAR'S
NOMINEES.
>> YOU'RE SO RIGHT.
FOR EXAMPLE. LAINEY WILSON.
SHE'S OUR FIRST-ROUND DRAFT
CHOICE.
AND CARRIE UNDERWOOD
IS ALWAYS A
TOP CONSIDERATION FOR MVP.
PEYTON. I MEAN.
YOU'VE WON SOME
MVPs.
>> WELL. CARRIE
UNDERWOOD AND I
HAVE A LOT IN COMMON.
WE'VE BOTH WORKED WITH BRAD
PAISLEY.
WE'VE BOTH BEEN
ON "SUNDAY NIGHT
FOOTBALL" A LOT.
AND WE'RE BOTH VERY NERVOUS
ABOUT WHAT LUKE
BRYAN MIGHT SAY
TONIGHT.
>> HELL. EVEN I'M
NERVOUS ABOUT
WHAT LUKE BRYAN MIGHT SAY
TONIGHT.
>> BUT LISTEN. FOLKS. I'M NOT
HERE TONIGHT TO TALK FOOTBALL.
I'M HERE BECAUSE
I AM A HUGE FAN
OF COUNTRY MUSIC.
AND TONIGHT --
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
TONIGHT I GET TO SEE ONE OF MY
FAVORITES.
THE LEGENDARY ALAN JACKSON.
RECEIVE THE WILLIE NELSON
LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I LOVE ALL OF
ALAN'S SONGS. AND
I'M SUCH A BIG
FAN OF YOU. LUKE.
>> THANKS. PEYTON.
>> DO YOU MIND?
I WAS TALKING TO LUKE COMBS.
WHAT'S UP. LUKE?
GOOD LUCK TONIGHT. PAL.
NO. I'M JUST KIDDING.
I'M A BIG FAN OF YOURS.
YOU KNOW THAT.
>> OH. YEAH.
I FEEL IT.
WHATEVER. PEYTON.
TELL ME WHAT YOUR FAVORITE
COUNTRY MUSIC SONG IS.
>> WELL. I'M GLAD
YOU ASKED THAT
BECAUSE MY FAVORITE
COUNTRY SONG
IS ALSO A DANCE CRAZE THAT'S
CURRENTLY SWEEPING THE NATION.
HEY. GUYS IN THE
TRUCK. HIT IT.
♪
♪ WISH THAT I WAS ON ROCKY TOP
♪ DOWN IN TENNESSEE HILLS
♪ UP ON ROCKY TOP
♪ AIN'T NO TELEPHONE BILLS
♪ ROCKY TOP
♪ YOU'LL ALWAYS BE
♪ HOME SWEET HOME TO ME
♪
>> STOP!
STOP!
YOU KNOW I'M A GEORGIA BOY.
THAT WAS JUST TOO MUCH.
TOO MUCH FOR MY EARS.
>> GIVE IT UP
AGAIN FOR ZEB ROSS
FROM CANTON. NORTH
CAROLINA FOR
THAT FANTASTIC DANCE
PERFORMANCE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> I CAN'T BELIEVE. I CAN'T
BELIEVE WE CUT GARTH'S
PERFORMANCE FOR THAT.
THE TRUTH IS I BET PEYTON THAT
IF GEORGIA BEAT TENNESSEE HE
WOULD HAVE TO CO-HOST THE CMA
AWARDS.
GO DAWGS.
>> YEAH. YEAH. YEAH.
ALL RIGHT.
LOOK. DON'T WORRY. LUKE. I MAY
BE NEW TO CMA
HOSTING BUT I HAVE
BEEN GETTING READY
FOR THIS SHOW
FOR A WHILE.
>> GETTING READY LIKE HOW?
>> WELL. I DID A LOT OF FILM
STUDY.
I WATCHED EVERY CMA AWARD SHOW
SINCE 1967.
>> WELL. HOW DO
YOU THINK I DID
LAST YEAR?
>> I THOUGHT YOU
REALLY NEEDED A
CO-HOST.
>> YEAH. ME TOO.
>> SO WHAT DID
YOU DO TO PREPARE
FOR TONIGHT?
>> I WALKED AROUND NASHVILLE
TRYING TO FIND A COWBOY HAT TO
FIT YOUR HEAD.
>> VERY NICE.
THAT CAN'T BE DONE. ACTUALLY.
>> PEYTON. LET ME BREAK IT TO
YOU.
I DON'T PREPARE.
I'M JUST KIND OF
A WING IT KIND
OF HOST.
>> TRUST ME. THAT'S CLEAR.
SO WHAT YOU'RE
SAYING IS THIS IS
MY WORST NIGHTMARE.
BUT IT'S ACTUALLY
OKAY BECAUSE I
DO A SHOW WITH MY BROTHER ELI.
I AM USED TO THIS LACK OF
PROFESSIONALISM.
>> BOTTOM LINE. AS CMA AWARDS
CO-HOST I HAVE
ONE GOAL TONIGHT.
FOR EVERYBODY TO HAVE FUN. TO
COME TOGETHER. TO UNITE. TO
COUNTRY ON.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> THAT WAS A SHAMELESS PLUG
THERE.
>> AND TO CELEBRATE BEING
AMERICANS.
>> WOW.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I HAVE ONE THING TO SAY TO ALL
THAT.
LUKE BRYAN FOR PRESIDENT.
EVERYBODY.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> MY SLOGAN.
HUNTIN'. FISHIN' AND LOVIN'
EVERY DAY.
>> SHAMELESS PLUG NUMBER TWO.
I LOVE IT.
LUKE BRYAN. A
CANDIDATE WHO WILL
NEVER PLEAD THE FIFTH BUT HE
WILL DRINK A FIFTH.
>> HOW ABOUT WE
START THE SHOW?
>> HERE TO PERFORM
"WHEN WILL I
BE LOVED" FROM HER SMALLTOWN
CONCEPT ALBUM "LINDEVILLE" --
>> HERE'S MUSICAL EVENT WINNER
ASHLEY McBRYDE WITH BRANDY
CLARK. PILLBOX
PATTY. CAYLEE HAM
SXHOND JOHN OSBORNE.
♪
♪ I'VE BEEN CHEATED
♪ BEEN MISTREATED
♪ WHEN WILL I BE LOVED
♪ I'VE BEEN PUT DOWN
♪ I'VE BEEN PUSHED ROUND
♪ WHEN WILL I BE LOVED
♪ WHEN I FIND A NEW MAN
♪ THAT I WANT FOR MINE
♪ HE ALWAYS BREAKS MY HEART IN
TWO. IT HAPPENS EVERY TIME ♪
♪ I'VE BEEN MADE BLUE
♪ I'VE BEEN LIED TO
♪ WHEN WILL I BE LOVED
♪
♪ WHEN I FIND A NEW MAN THAT I
WANT FOR MINE ♪
♪ HE ALWAYS BREAKS MY HEART IN
TWO ♪
♪ IT HAPPENS EVERY TIME
♪ I'VE BEEN CHEATED
♪ BEEN MISTREATED
♪ WHEN WILL I BE LOVED
♪ TELL ME. WHEN WILL I
♪ BE
♪ LOVED ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: COMING UP NEXT.
CODY JOHNSON PERFORMS "TIL YOU
CAN'T."
THEN LATER COLE SWINDELL.
MIRANDA LAMBERT AND CARRIE
UNDERWOOD.
IT'S THE CMA AWARDS. ONLY ON
ABC.
THE 56th ANNUAL CMA AWARDS ON
ABC. BROUGHT TO YOU BY
CHEVROLET.
FROM BOLT TO
BLAZER. EQUINOX TO
SILVERADO. CHEVY ELECTRIC
VEHICLES ARE FOR EVERYONE
EVERYWHERE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>>> WELCOME BACK TO THE CMA
AWARDS.
WE'RE HERE AT
BRIDGESTONE ARENA.
>> AND RIGHT HERE
AT THIS ARENA
JUST A FEW DAYS AGO REBA WAS
AWARDED A PLAQUE FOR SELLING
MORE THAN 58 MILLION ALBUMS
WORLDWIDE.
AND I HAVE BOUGHT EVERY ONE.
>> YOU BOUGHT 58
MILLION ALBUMS?
>> YOU ALL SEE
WHAT I'M DEALING
WITH HERE?
HOW ABOUT A LITTLE MORE MUSIC?
>> PERFORMING HIS NOMINATED
SINGLE "TIL YOU CAN'T." WHICH
ALSO WON MUSIC VIDEO OF THE
YEAR. HERE'S CODY JOHNSON!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ YOU CAN TELL YOUR OLD MAN
♪ YOU'LL DO SOME LARGEMOUTH
FISHING ANOTHER TIME ♪
♪ YOU JUST GOT
TOO MUCH ON YOUR
PLATE TO BAIT
AND CAST A LINE ♪
♪ YOU CAN ALWAYS PUT A RAIN
CHECK IN HIS HAND ♪
♪ TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ YOU CAN KEEP PUTTING OFF
FOREVER WITH THAT GIRL WHO'S
HEART YOU HOLD ♪
♪ SWEARING THAT YOU'LL ASK
SOMEDAY FURTHER
DOWN THE ROAD ♪
♪ YOU CAN ALWAYS PUT A DIAMOND
ON HER HAND ♪
♪ TIL YOU CAN'T
>> ARE YOU READY. NASHVILLE?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ IF YOU GOT A CHANCE TAKE IT.
TAKE IT WHILE YOU
GOT A CHANCE ♪
♪ IF YOU GOT A DREAM. SCHAS IT
♪ 'CAUSE A DREAM
WON'T CHASE YOU
BACK ♪
♪ IF YOU'RE GONNA LOVE
SOMEBODY ♪
♪ HOLD 'EM AS
LONG AND AS STRONG
AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN ♪
♪ TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ YEAH
♪ THERE'S A BOX
OF GREASY PARTS
SITTING IN THE TRUNK OF THAT
'65 ♪
♪ STILL WAITING
ON YOU AND YOUR
GRANDDAD TO BRING IT BACK TO
LIFE ♪
♪ YOU CAN ALWAYS GET AROUND TO
FIXING UP THAT PONTIAC ♪
♪ TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ LET'S GO
♪ IF YOU GOT A CHANCE TAKE IT
♪ TAKE IT WHILE YOU GOT A
CHANCE ♪
♪ IF YOU GOT A DREAM CHASE IT
♪ 'CAUSE A DREAM
WON'T CHASE YOU
BACK ♪
♪ IF YOU'RE GONNA LOVE
SOMEBODY ♪
♪ HOLD 'EM AS
LONG AND AS STRONG
AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN ♪
♪ TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ SO TAKE THAT PHONE CALL FROM
YOUR MAMA AND JUST TALK AWAY ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'LL NEVER KNOW HOW
BAD YOU WANNA TIL YOU CAN'T
SOMEDAY ♪
♪ DON'T WAIT ON
TOMORROW 'CAUSE
TOMORROW MAY NOT SHOW ♪
♪ SAY YOUR SORRIES.
YOUR I LOVE
YOUS ♪
♪ 'CAUSE MAN. YOU NEVER KNOW
♪ IF YOU GOT A CHANCE TAKE IT
♪ TAKE IT WHILE YOU GOT A
CHANCE ♪
♪ IF YOU GOT A DREAM CHASE IT
♪ 'CAUSE A DREAM
WON'T CHASE YOU
BACK ♪
♪ IF YOU'RE GONNA LOVE
SOMEBODY ♪
♪ HOLD 'EM AS
LONG AND AS STRONG
AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN ♪
♪ TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ YEAH. IF YOU
GOT A CHANCE TAKE
IT ♪
♪ TAKE IT WHILE YOU GOT A
CHANCE ♪
♪ IF YOU GOT A
DREAM SCCHASE IT♪
♪ 'CAUSE A DREAM
WON'T CHASE YOU
BACK ♪
♪ IF YOU'RE GONNA
LOVE SOMEBODY
HOLD 'EM AS LONG AND AS STRONG
AND AS CLOSE AS YOU CAN ♪
♪ TIL YOU CAN'T
♪ YEAH
♪ TAKE IT ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: FROM ABC'S "BIG
SKY." PLEASE WELCOME REX LINN
AND SIX-TIME CMA AWARD WINNER
REBA McENTIRE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> OKAY.
REX AND I WANT
TO MAKE SOMETHING
PERFECTLY CLEAR.
WE ARE NOT ANYTHING LIKE OUR
CHARACTERS IN "BIG SKY."
IN REAL LIFE I AM NOT AN EVIL.
SCARY WOMAN WITH
A DARK SIDE WHO
CAN EITHER TEACH
YOU HOW TO COOK
A BROWNIE OR CUT YOUR CAROTID
ARTERY.
>> AND I'M REALLY NOT BALD.
WE ARE THRILLED TO BE HERE TO
PRESENT THE CMA AWARD FOR SONG
OF THE YEAR.
REALLY PROUD TO BE HERE WITH
YOU. REBA.
THE NOMINEES ARE --
>> "BUY DIRT."
JACOB DAVIS.
JORDAN DAVIS. JOSH
JENKINS AND MATT JENKINS.
"NEVER WANTED TO
BE THAT GIRL."
SHANE McANALLY. ASHLEY McBRYDE
AND CARLY PEARCE.
♪ SAND IN MY BOOTS."
ASHLEY GORLEY.
MICHAEL HARDY AND
JOSH OSBORNE.
♪ THINGS A MAN OUGHTA KNOW
♪ JASON NIX. JONATHAN SINGLE
ZPONSINGLETON
AND LAINEY WILSON.
"YOU SHOULD PROBABLY LEAVE."
CHRIS DUBOIS.
ASHLEY GORLEY AND
CHRIS STAPLETON.
>> AND THE WINNER IS --
>> FOR SONG OF THE YEAR.
>> "BUY DIRT."
JACOB DAVIS.
JORDAN DAVIS. JOSH
JENKINS. MATT JENKINS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ SEND YOUR PRAYERS
UP AND YOUR
ROOTS DOWN ♪
♪ ADD A FEW LIMBS
TO YOUR FAMILY
TREE ♪
♪ WATCH THE PENCIL
MARKS IN THE
GRASS IN THE YARD ♪
♪
♪ YOU CAN'T BUY HAPPINESS
>> OH. MAN.
I DID NOT EXPECT THAT.
I -- OH. MY GOD.
ZACK SUTTON. CALLIE BARTS.
UNIVERSAL MUSIC GROUP. BRIAN.
STEPHANIE WRIGHT.
THESE GUYS BEHIND ME.
JAKE. JOSH. MATT. PAUL
DIGIOVANNI.
I LOVE YOU. BUDDY.
OH. MY GOD.
WE -- I WANT THEM TO SAY
SOMETHING TOO.
BUT COUNTRY RADIO.
EVERYBODY --
EVERYONE THAT'S
PLAYED THIS SONG
AND THE FANS.
WE WROTE A SONG ABOUT -- WE
WROTE A SONG ABOUT FAITH AND
FAMILY. AND IF THAT'S NOT
COUNTRY MUSIC I
DON'T KNOW WHAT
IS.
LUKE BRYAN. COME UP HERE. BRO.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
COME HERE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
LUKE. COME HERE. DUDE.
THIS SONG --
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I WANT TO SAY
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
CMA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> I'M OUT OF BREATH.
LET ME TELL YOU
ABOUT MY BUDDY.
LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT MY BUDDY
COLE SWINDELL.
HE AND I BOTH WENT TO GEORGIA
SOUTHERN.
AND OF COURSE THERE'S A BIG
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN US.
COLE ACTUALLY WENT TO CLASS.
WITH HIS FIVE-WEEK
NUMBER 1 HIT
"SHE HAD ME AT
HEADS CAROLINA."
HERE'S COLE SWINDELL!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ I WAS OUT WITH THE BOYS
CATCHING UP AT A NEON LIGHT ♪
♪ DIDN'T KNOW
TILL WE WALKED IN.
IT WAS KARAOKE NIGHT ♪
♪ SHE WAS IN A CIRCLE OF GIRLS
CHASING A SHOT WITH A LIME ♪
♪ SHE WAS LAUGHING. THEY WERE
DARING HER TO
GET ON THE MIKE ♪
♪ ONE OF 'EM WALKED UP AND
TURNED IN HER NAME ♪
♪ NEXT THING I
KNEW MAN SHE WAS
UP ON THE STAGE SINGIN' ♪
♪ HEADS CAROLINA. TAILS
CALIFORNIA ♪
♪ MAYBE SHE'D FALL FOR A BOY
FROM SOUTH GEORGIA ♪
♪ SHE'S GOT THE
BAR IN THE PALM
OF HER HAND ♪
♪ AND SHE'S A '90s COUNTRY FAN
LIKE I AM ♪
♪ HEY. I GOT A CHEVY
♪ SHE CAN FLIP A QUARTER
♪ I'D DRIVE HER ANYWHERE FROM
HERE TO CALIFORNIA ♪
♪ WHEN THIS SONG IS OVER. I
GOTTA FIND HER ♪
♪ 'CAUSE SHE HAD ME AT HEADS
CAROLINA ♪
♪
♪ YEAH. SHE KNEW EVERY WORD BY
HEART. DIDN'T NEED NO SCREEN.
NO ♪
♪ I WAS RAISIN'
MY GLASS UP FOR
HER AND SAW HER SMILING AT ME.
YEAH ♪
♪ SHE HAD ME DOWN IN THE FRONT
BY THE END OF VERSE TWO ♪
♪ LIKE THERE
WASN'T NO ONE ELSE
IN THE ROOM. WE WERE SINGIN' ♪
♪ HEADS CAROLINA. TAILS
CALIFORNIA ♪
♪ MAYBE SHE'D FALL FOR A BOY
FROM SOUTH GEORGIA ♪
♪ SHE'S GOT THE
BAR IN THE PALM
OF HER HAND ♪
♪ AND SHE'S A '90s COUNTRY FAN
LIKE I AM ♪
♪ HEY. I GOT A CHEVY. SHE CAN
FLIP A QUARTER ♪
♪ I'D DRIVE HER ANYWHERE FROM
HERE TO CALIFORNIA ♪
♪ WHEN THIS SONG IS OVER. I
GOTTA FIND HER ♪
♪ 'CAUSE SHE HAD ME AT HEADS
CAROLINA ♪
♪ YEAH. I BOUGHT
HER A ROUND AND
WE TALKED TILL THE LIGHTS CAME
ON ♪
♪ I STILL SEE THAT GIRL EVERY
TIME I HEAR THAT SONG ♪
♪ MAYBE YOU. WHAT
DO YOU SAY WE
JUST GET LOST ♪
♪ LEAVE THIS ONE
HORSE TOWN BACK
TO REBELS WITHOUT A CAUSE ♪
♪ COME ON
♪ HEADS CAROLINA. TAILS
CALIFORNIA ♪
♪ SOMEWHERE GREENER SOMEWHERE
WARMER ♪
♪ UP IN THE MOUNTAINS DOWN BY
THE OCEAN ♪
♪ WHERE IT DON'T MATTER
♪ LONG AS WE'RE SOMEWHERE
TOGETHER. I'VE GOT A QUARTER ♪
♪ HEADS CAROLINA. TAILS
CALIFORNIA ♪
♪ SHE HAD ME
♪ AT HEADS CAROLINA
♪ OOH. OOH ♪
>> Y'ALL GIVE IT UP FOR JO DEE
MESSINA!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: COMING RIGHT UP.
MIRANDA LAMBERT
AND WYNONNA JUDD
PRESENTS THE AWARD
FOR VOCAL DUO
OF THE YEAR.
THEN LATER. CARRIE
UNDERWOOD AND
LUKE COMBS. ONLY ON ABC.
♪
>>> WE'RE HERE LIVE IN MUSIC
CITY AT THE 56th ANNUAL CMA
AWARDS.
AND WITH US TONIGHT IS ONE OF
THE GREAT ALL-TIME FEMALE
COUNTRY SINGERS.
>> I PLAYED 18
YEARS IN THE NFL
AND I THOUGHT THAT WAS A LOT.
THE WOMAN STANDING NEXT TO ME
HAS BEEN A MEMBER OF THE GRAND
OLE OPRY FOR 55 YEARS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
AND THIS PAST YEAR SHE SET THE
ALL-TIME RECORD FOR MOST
PERFORMANCES AT THE GRAND OL'
OPRY. 5.237 PERFORMANCES AND
COUNTING.
GIVE IT UP FOR --
>> JEANNIE SEELY!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THAT'S AWESOME.
>> JEANNIE. WOULD YOU HELP US
INTRODUCE OUR NEXT PERFORMER?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
I JUST HAVE TO TELL YOU. I GOT
TO INTRODUCE THIS NEXT ARTIST
WHEN SHE MADE HER DEBUT ON THE
GRAND OL' OPRY.
NOW SHE HAS 14 CMA AWARDS.
SHE'S NOMINATED TONIGHT FOR
ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR.
HERE IS MIRANDA LAMBERT!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ I COULD SEE YOU
COMING ALL THE
WAY FROM AMARILLO ♪
♪ TRUCK STOP RED
LIPS PULLING ON
SOME NICOTINE ♪
♪ SHINING LIKE THE SPOKES ON A
BRAND NEW EL DORADO ♪
♪ YOU'RE TRAILER
PARK PRETTY BUT
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA BE JOLENE ♪
♪ GERALDENE. GERALDENE
♪ WHY YOU GOTTA BE SO MEAN
♪ DON'T MAKE ME CAUSE A SCENE
NOW GERALDENE ♪
♪ GERALDENE. GERALDENE
♪ YOU GOT 'EM ALL ON THEIR
KNEES ♪
♪ BUT YOU CAN'T
TAKE A MAN FROM
ME GERALDENE ♪
♪
♪ IF I WAS A MAN
I'D MAKE YOU MY
DALLAS ALICE ♪
♪ I'D PUT A LEFTOVER PAWN SHOP
RING ON YOUR LEFT HAND ♪
♪ YOU'RE NEVER GONNA BE THE
BACKSTAGE BABE AT THE CRYSTAL
PALACE ♪
♪ YOU'RE TOO LATE
BABY. I'M THE
ONLY BITCH IN THE BAND ♪
♪ GERALDENE. GERALDENE
♪ WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO MEAN
♪ DON'T MAKE ME CAUSE A SCENE
NOW GERALDENE ♪
♪ GERALDENE. GERALDENE
♪ YOU GOT 'EM ALL ON THEIR
KNEES ♪
♪ BUT YOU CAN'T
TAKE A MAN FROM
ME. GERALDENE ♪
♪
♪ GERALDENE
♪ WHY YOU GOT TO BE SO MEAN
♪ DON'T MAKE ME CAUSE A SCENE
NOW GERALDENE ♪
♪ GERALDENE
♪ G-G-G-GERALDENE ♪
♪ YOU GOT 'EM ALL ON THEIR
KNEES ♪
♪ BUT YOU CAN'T
TAKE A MAN FROM
ME ♪
♪ GERALDENE. GERALDENE
♪ GERALDENE. G-G-G-GERALDENE
♪ GERALDENE
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: PLEASE WELCOME
EIGHT-TIME CMA AWARD WINNERS
LITTLE BIG TOWN.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> OUR NEXT
PRESENTER IS A HERO
OF OURS FOR SO MANY REASONS.
>> SHE'S A COUNTRY MUSIC
SUPERSTAR WHO IS COMPLETELY
DESERVING OF OUR LOVE AND
ADMIRATION.
>> IN FACT. JUST
A FEW WEEKS AGO
WE WERE BEYOND HUMBLED TO
PERFORM ON TOUR WITH HER.
>> IT WAS OUR CHANCE TO HONOR
HER MOM AND THEIR LEGACY OF
MUSIC THAT'S HAD
SUCH AN IMPACT
ON US.
PLEASE WELCOME THE LEGENDARY
WYNONNA JUDD!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> IN DEATH THERE IS LIFE. AND
HERE I AM.
THANK YOU.
FOR YOUR LOVE
AND YOUR SUPPORT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
THESE PAST SIX
MONTHS HAVE BEEN
A TIME TO GRIEVE AND A TIME TO
BE GRATEFUL.
AND I AM HUMBLED AND HONORED
TONIGHT TO STILL
HAVE A SEAT AT
THE TABLE OF COUNTRY MUSIC.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY OF
PRESENTING THE CMT AWARD FOR
DUO. WHICH MOM AND I WON SEVEN
TIMES.
HERE ARE THE NOMINEES.
♪
>> BROOKS & DUNN.
>> BROTHERS OSBORNE.
DAN AND SHAY.
♪
LOCASH.
MADDIE & TAE.
>> AND I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
AND THIS CMA AWARD GOES TO
BROTHERS OSBORNE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: THIS IS BROTHERS
OSBORNE'S FIFTH WIN FOR VOCAL
DUO OF THE YEAR.
♪ I'M A BAD JOKE AT THE WRONG
TIME ♪
♪ I'M A LEGEND IN MY OWN MIND
♪ I'M GOOD FOR SOME
♪ BUT I'M NOT FOR EVERYONE
>> WYNONNA JUDD. Y'ALL.
>> WHAT A LEGEND.
>> WAIT. DON'T
LEAVE THE STAGE.
STAY HERE.
>> I MEAN. THERE'S
BEEN SO MANY
SURPRISING MOMENTS IN THIS
ENTIRE CAREER.
THE FACT I MOVED TO NASHVILLE
AND I GOT TO STAY
HERE AND I GOT
TO EVENTUALLY NOT EAT RAMEN
NOODLES. THAT WAS A SURPRISE.
AND TO BE HERE
TONIGHT AND THEN
TO BE IN THE PRESENCE OF
WYNONNA.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
>> WHILE WINNING THIS AWARD.
WILL BE ONE OF THE BIGGEST
HIGHLIGHTS OF MY ENTIRE LIFE.
THIS IS SO CRAZY TO ME.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> IT'S AN ABSOLUTE HONOR.
WE HAVE LEARNED
SO MUCH FROM YOU
AND YOUR FAMILY.
I JUST WANT TO SAY REAL QUICK.
WE TOLD A BUNCH OF PEOPLE. BUT
LETTING THE WORLD KNOW MY WIFE
LUCY IS PREGNANT.
WE'VE GOT TWINS ON THE WAY.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
I LOVE YOU. BABE.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE AN AMAZING
MOM.
>> HUGE THANKS TO THE CMAs.
THANKS FOR EVERYONE WHO HAS A
LITTLE PART OR A HUGE PART IN
OUR LIVES.
IT'S AN INCREDIBLE RIDE.
THANKS FOR LETTING
US BE ON IT.
THANK YOU.
>> LOVE YOU. DARLING.
>> I LOVE YOU TOO.
>> YOU'RE THE BEST.
I LOVE YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: KEEP WATCHING
BECAUSE CARRIE UNDERWOOD IS
ABOUT TO TAKE THE STAGE.
AND LATER LUKE
COMBS PERFORMANCE
AND LUKE BRYAN REMINDS US TO
COUNTRY ON.
IT'S THE CMA AWARDS. ONLY ON
ABC.
>> Announcer: WELCOME BACK.
PERFORMING HER
NEW SINGLE "HATE
MY HEART." HERE IS ENTERTAINER
OF THE YEAR NOMINEE CARRIE
UNDERWOOD.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ I'M FREE AS A BIRD. NO TIES
♪ NOTHING KEEPING
MY WINGS FROM
FLYING HIGH ♪
♪ AND GOING OUT
ON THE TOWN ON A
SATURDAY NIGHT ♪
♪ 'CAUSE HE'S GONE. WITH THE
WIND ♪
♪ AND LORD KNOWS
I DESERVE TO BE
FLIRTED WITH ♪
♪ BUT THE ONLY PROBLEM IS
♪ I HATE MY HEART RIGHT NOW
♪ UNDERNEATH THE COVERS IN THE
DARK RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ WISHIN' I WAS
SITTING IN A BAR
RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ TWO DRINKS IN
♪ MAKIN' ME A LAST CALL FRIEND
♪ I WANT MY FEEL GOOD BACK
♪ INSTEAD OF
FEELING BAD THAT I
CAN'T GET PAST ♪
♪ THE FACT THAT I CAN'T LOVE
NOBODY ELSE ♪
♪ I WOULD IF I COULD
♪ BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW
♪ I HATE MY HEART RIGHT NOW
♪ YEAH
♪ WELL. I HATE MY HEART RIGHT
NOW ♪
♪ I DON'T WANT HIM BACK. THAT
AIN'T IT ♪
♪ BUT THIS THING IN MY CHEST
JUST CAN'T FORGET ♪
♪ IT KEEPS BEATING FOR HIM AND
IT JUST WON'T QUIT ♪
♪ I HATE MY HEART RIGHT NOW
♪ UNDERNEATH THE COVERS IN THE
DARK RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ WISHIN' I WAS
SITTING IN A BAR
RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ TWO DRINKS IN
♪ MAKIN' ME A LAST CALL FRIEND
♪ I WANT MY FEEL GOOD BACK
♪ STEAD OF FEELING BAD THAT I
CAN'T GET PAST ♪
♪ THE FACT THAT I CAN'T LOVE
NOBODY ELSE ♪
♪ I WOULD IF I
COULD BUT I DON'T
KNOW HOW ♪
♪ I HATE MY HEART RIGHT NOW
♪ COME ON
♪ ONE DAY I PRAY
HE'LL STAY OUT
OF MY HEAD ♪
♪ I KEEP WAITING BUT IT AIN'T
HAPPENED YET ♪
♪ I HATE MY HEART RIGHT NOW
♪ UNDERNEATH THE COVERS IN THE
DARK RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ WISHIN' I WAS SIT NAG BAR
RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ WITH A TALL DARK LAST CALL
FRIEND ♪
♪ AND MY FEEL GOOD BACK
♪ 'STEAD OF FEELING BAD THAT I
CAN'T GET PAST ♪
♪ THE FACT THAT I CAN'T LOVE
NOBODY ELSE ♪
♪ I WOULD IF I
COULD BUT I DON'T
KNOW HOW ♪
♪ I HATE MY HEART RIGHT NOW
♪ WELL. I HATE MY HEART RIGHT
NOW ♪
♪ OH. YEAH
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> HE'S THE
REIGNING ENTERTAINER
OF THE YEAR AND
A NOMINEE AGAIN
THIS YEAR.
PLEASE WELCOME LUKE COMBS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ WE'VE BEEN BURNIN BOTH ENDS
♪ KEEPIN THE LIGHTS ON
♪ SO I'VE BEEN
THINKIN' WE NEED
A LITTLE TIME ALONE ♪
♪ SO WHATCHA SAY WE CANCEL OUR
PLANS ♪
♪ TONIGHT I'M
ONLY GONNA BE YOUR
MAN ♪
♪ LET'S GET SOME CANDLES
BURNIN' ♪
♪ AND SOME RECORDS TURNIN'
♪ ALL THE LIGHTS DOWN LOW
♪ TAKE IT NICE AND SLOW
♪ THE WAY YOUR BODY'S MOVIN'
♪ KEEP DOING WHAT YOU'RE DOING
♪ TO ME ALL NIGHT LONG
♪ WRITING OUR LOVE SONG
♪ GIRL I WANT IT GOTTA HAVE IT
♪ LET THE PASSION TAKE US TO A
HIGHER PLACE ♪
♪ MAKIN' THE KIND OF LOVE WE
MAKE ♪
♪ THERE AIN'T NO WAY BABY
♪ TO GET ME OUT THIS HOUSE
♪ WHEN YOU LOOK THIS GOOD
♪ WHAT COULD I EVEN THINK
ABOUT ♪
♪ OH
♪ BESIDES TURNING ROUND AND
LOCKING THE DOOR ♪
♪ WATCHING YOUR RED DRESS FALL
TO THE FLOOR ♪
♪ LET'S GET SOME CANDLES
BURNIN' ♪
♪ AND SOME RECORDS TURNIN'
♪ ALL THE LIGHTS DOWN LOW
♪ TAKE IT NICE AND SLOW
♪ THE WAY YOUR BODY'S MOVIN'
♪ KEEP DOIN' WHAT YOU'RE DOIN'
♪ TO ME ALL NIGHT LONG
♪ WRITING OUR LOVE SONG
♪ GIRL I WANT IT. GOTTA HAVE
IT ♪
♪ LET THE PASSION TAKE US TO A
HIGHER PLACE ♪
♪ MAKIN' THE KIND OF LOVE WE
MAKE ♪
♪ KIND OF LOVE WE MAKE
♪ SO WHATCHA SAY WE CANCEL OUR
PLANS ♪
♪ TONIGHT I'M
ONLY GONNA BE YOUR
MAN ♪
♪ LET'S GET SOME CANDLES
BURNIN ♪
♪ SOME RECORDS TURNIN'
♪ ALL THE LIGHTS DOWN LOW
♪ TAKE IT NICE AND SLOW
♪ THE WAY YOUR BODY'S MOVIN'
♪ KEEP DOIN' WHAT YOU'RE DOIN'
TO ME ALL NIGHT LONG ♪
♪ WRITING OUR LOVE SONG
♪ GIRL I WANT IT. GOTTA HAVE
IT ♪
♪ LET THE PASSION TAKE US TO A
HIGHER PLACE ♪
♪ GIRL I WANT IT. GOTTA HAVE
IT ♪
♪ LET THE PASSION TAKE US TO A
HIGHER PLACE ♪
♪ MAKIN' THE KIND OF LOVE WE
MAKE ♪
♪ KIND OF LOVE WE MAKE
♪ MAKIN' THE KIND OF LOVE WE
MAKE ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: COMING UP NEXT.
LUKE BRYAN PERFORMS HIS HIT
"COUNTRY ON."
THEN LATER CARLY
PEARCE AND ZAC
BROWN BAND.
PLUS THOMAS RHETT AND KATY
PERRY.
HERE ON THE CMA AWARDS.
THE 56th ANNUAL CMA AWARDS ON
ABC. BROUGHT TO
YOU BY WALMART.
BLACK FRIDAY DEALS FOR DAYS.
NEW DEALS GO LIVE EVERY MONDAY
ONLINE.
AND WALMART PLUS MEMBERS SHOP
ONLINE DEALS SEVEN
HOURS BEFORE
EVERYONE ELSE.
>>> WELCOME BACK TO THE CMA
AWARDS.
AND NOW. PLEASE WELCOME TWO OF
THE HOTTEST YOUNG STARS IN
COUNTRY MUSIC.
PARKER McCOLLUM
AND SONG OF THE
YEAR WINNER. JORDAN DAVIS.
>> CAN'T BELIEVE WE ARE HERE
TONIGHT ON THE
CMA AWARDS STAGE.
>> THIS IS CRAZY. BUT HEY. YOU
READY TO GIVE OUT THIS NEXT
AWARD?
COME ON.
>> IT'S FOR VOCAL GROUP OF THE
YEAR. AND HERE
ARE THE NOMINEES.
>> LADY A.
LITTLE BIG TOWN.
MIDLAND.
OLD DOMINION.
ZAC BROWN BAND.
>> AND THE CMA AWARD FOR VOCAL
GROUP OF THE YEAR GOES TO OLD
DOMINION.
>> LET'S GO!
>> THIS IS OLD
DOMINION'S FIFTH
WIN FOR VOCAL
GROUP OF THE YEAR.
♪ I CAN HONESTLY SAY
♪ I'M HAPPY TO SEE THE HAPPY
BACK IN YOUR EYES ♪
♪ DOI I WISH IT WAS ME ♪
♪ HELL. YES
>> WOO!
WELL. HMM.
LISTEN.
THERE'S. OBVIOUSLY.
WE'VE LOST A
LOT OF LEGENDS. BUT THERE'S
NOBODY IN THIS.
IN THIS CATEGORY
AND REALLY ANY CATEGORY THAT
WOULD BE HERE WITHOUT ALABAMA.
AND WE JUST LOST JEFF COOK.
JUST GOT ME THINKING AND JUST.
THERE'S NOTHING
LIKE BEING IN A
BAND. YOU KNOW?
I'M SO GRATEFUL TO HAVE HMY
FRIENDS. AND I CAN'T IMAGINE
LOSING ONE OF YOU
GUYS. AND I'M
SO HONORED TO MAKE MUSIC.
WE LOVE YOU.
AND WE LOVE THE OPPORTUNITY DO
WHAT WE LOVE DOING.
SO THANK YOU GUYS SO MUCH.
FOR ALLOWING US.
THANK YOU.
>> HE'S A NOMINEE TONIGHT.
TWO-TIME ENTERTAINER
OF THE YEAR
AND HERE WITH A SONG THAT'S
BECOME A COUNTRY MUSIC ANTHEM.
I KEEP TELLING
HIM. HE'S LIKE A
BROTHER TO ME.
HE DOESN'T UNDERSTAND. THAT'S
NOT A COMPLIMENT.
GIVE IT UP FOR LUKE BRYAN.
>> WHAT'S UP. CMA'S. LET'S
COUNTRY TONIGHT.
♪
♪ HEY. FARM BOY
♪ KEEP DROPPIN' THAT PLOW
♪ BAILIN' THAT HAIL
♪ FROM THE ROOSTER CROW TO
ANOTHER LONG DAY ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON
♪ HEY. BIG RIG
♪ KEEP CLOCKIN' THEM MILES
♪ PULLIN' THAT HORN
♪ MAKIN' US SMILE
♪ ROLLING THAT LOAD DOWN THE
ROAD ALL NIGHT LONG ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON
♪ HEY. COWBOY
♪ KEEP SWINGIN' THAT ROPE
♪ EATIN' THAT DIRT
♪ BREAK A LEG RODEO
♪ BUT JUST DON'T
BREAK NO BONES.
COUNTRY ON ♪
♪ HEY. BAR KEEP
♪ HOW ABOUT ANOTHER ROUND
♪ KEEP THE NEON LIT IN THIS
CRAZY TOWN ♪
♪ JUST POUR A LITTLE MORE
♪ COUNTRY ON
♪ YEAH
♪ HEY. FIREMAN
♪ BOYS AND GIRLS IN BLUE
♪ WE COULD USE A LOT MORE LIKE
YOU ♪
♪ YOU COME RUNNIN' IN ANYTIME
ANYTHING GOES WRONG ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON
♪ HEY. SOLDIER
♪ WHEREVER YOU MIGHT BE
♪ HATS OFF TO KEEPING US FREE
♪ ALL OUR THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS
TO YOU GET BACK HOME ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON
♪ HEY. HOMETOWN
♪ KEEP THROWIN' THAT BALL
♪ RAISIN' THAT SIGN
♪ HANG A FISH ON THE WALL
♪ THEY ONLY STAY A LITTLE BIT
LONG ♪
♪ LOVE'EM UP STRONG
♪ I SAID HEY. HEY. USA
♪ WE AIN'T SEEN OUR BETTER
DAYS ♪
♪ HELL NO
♪ HEY. Y'ALL. LET'S COUNTRY ON
♪ LET'S UNITED STATES ON
TONIGHT. NASHVILLE!
♪
♪ HEY. NASHVILLE
♪ KEEP BENDIN' THEM STRINGS
♪ DIGGIN' FOR GOLD
♪ CHASIN' THEM DREAMS
♪ KEEP ON WITH
THEM SONGS UNTIL
THE WHOLE WORLD'S SINGIN'
ALONG ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON
♪ I SAID HEY. HEY. USA
♪ WE AIN'T SEEN OUR BETTER
DAYS ♪
♪ HELL NO.
HEY. Y'ALL. COUNTRY ON ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON AND ON AND ON AND
ON ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON
♪ KEEP IT ON AND ON AND ON AND
ON AND ON ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON AND ON AND ON AND
ON ♪
♪ COUNTRY ON
♪ I SAID HEY. HEY. USA
♪ WE AIN'T SEEN OUR BETTER
DAYS ♪
♪ HELL NO
♪ HEY. Y'ALL
♪ COUNTRY ON
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>>> COMING UP NEXT. CARLY
PEARCE.
THEN LATER. ZAC
BROWN BAND WITH
MARCUS CAIN. PLUS.
THOMAS RHETT
WITH KATY PERRY AND LAINEY WILSON
WITH HARDY.
♪
>>> I'M CARLY PEARCE.
I GREW UP IN KENTUCKY LIKE THE
GREAT LORETTA LYNN.
MY MAMAW PIERCE
MA' MAMAW PEARCN
TO LORETTA.
WE LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT HER.
ESPECIALLY HOW SHE WROTE ABOUT
HER LIFE UNAPOLOGETICALLY.
LORETTA. THIS IS FOR YOU.
♪
♪ DEAR MS. LORETTA
♪ I AIN'T EVER MET YA
BUT I'M LONELY TONIGHT ♪
♪ AND I JUST BETCHA
♪ I'D HAVE SOME WISDOM
♪ TO PULL OFF THAT SHELF
♪ YOUR SONGS WERE ALL FUN
♪ TILL I LIVED THEM MYSELF
♪ I AIN'T A COAL MINER'S
DAUGHTER ♪
♪ BUT MY GRANDMOTHER WAS
♪ WHISKEY IN THE WATER
♪ MUST BE BORN IN THE BLOOD
♪ I'M A LONG WAY FROM KENTUCKY
♪ BUT THE HURTIN''S STILL THE
SAME ♪
♪ AND I KNOW WHY YOU SING THAT
WAY ♪
♪ OH. WHAT ENDED UP TOUGH
♪ STARTED OUT BROKEN
♪ WHAT ENDED UP LOST
♪ STARTED OUT HOPIN'
♪ OUR TIME APART WAS THREE
MINUTES LONG ♪
♪ AND YOU WEREN'T ASHAMED
♪ WHEN THE WORLD SANG ALONG
♪ NO
♪ I AIN'T A COAL MINER'
DAUGHTER ♪
♪ BUT MY GRANDMOTHER WAS
♪ MUST BE WHISKEY IN THE WATER
♪ MUST BE BURNIN' IN THE BLOOD
♪ I'M A LONG WAY FROM KENTUCKY
♪ BUT THE HURTIN''S THE SAME
♪ AND NOW I KNOW WHY YOU SANG
THAT WAY ♪
♪
♪ DEAR MS. LORETTA
♪ WE BOTH GREW UP TOO FAST
♪ AND WISH YOU COULD TELL ME
♪ HOW YOU MADE IT LAST
♪ I AIN'T A COAL MINER'S
DAUGHTER ♪
♪ BUT I'VE SUNG IT ALL MY LIFE
♪ I AIN'T BEEN A WIDOW
♪ BUT I BEEN AN EX-WIFE
♪ I HEAR YOUR TRUTH
♪ AND I FEEL YOUR PAIN
WAY ♪ I KNOW WHY
YOU SING THAT -
♪
♪ YEAH. I KNOW
WHY YOU SANG THAT
WAY ♪
>>I LOVE YOU. LOR LORETTA!
>> LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. RICKY
SKAGGS AND SONYA ISAACS.
>> HE'S A NOMINEE FOR MUSICAL
EVENT OF THE YEAR.
HERE IS FREELAND.
♪
>> SOME THINGS
JUST GO TOGETHER.
LIKE PEANUT BUTTER
AROUND JELLY.
FISH AND CHIPS.
WOODY AND BUZZ.
LUKE AND PEYTON.
BUT WHAT HAS FOREVER BEEN THE
PERFECT PAIR IN COUNTRY MUSIC
AND CHEVROLET.
DO YOU KNOW HOW MANY SONGS
MENTION CHEVY?
"SHE'S IN LOVE WITH THE BOY."
AND OF COURSE MY FAVORITE
"CHATTAHOOCHEE."
♪ WELL WE FOGGED UP THE
WINDOWS ♪
♪ IN MY OLD CHEVY
♪ I WAS WILLING BUT SHE WASN'T
READY ♪
>> CHEVIY IS A GOOD PAIR WITH
COUNTRY MUSIC.
THEY REVEALED THE FIRST
ALL-ELECTRIC SILVERADO.
AND TO CELEBRATE THE
LONGSTANDING
TRADITION OF CHEVY
AND COUNTRY MUSIC. THEY ARE
GIVING YOU A CHANCE WITH A NEW
SONG.
HERE'S HOW.
♪
>>> WE'RE SO HONORED THAT
TONIGHT WE HAVE
IN THE AUDIENCE
ONE OF THE NEWEST
MEMBERS OF THE
COUNTRY MUSIC HALL OF FAME.
>> HE'S A LEGENDARY MUSIC
EXECUTIVE AND VISIONARY A
CREATIVE FORCE
WHO CHANGED LIVES
AND IMPACTED THE LIVES OF SO
MANY STARS LIKE
THE JUDDS. KENNY
CHESTNEY AND MIRANDA LAMBERT.
THERE HE S GIVE IT UP FOR MR.
JOE GOLANI. EVERYBODY.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> AND NOW. WITHOUT IN THE
MIDDLE FEATURING MARCUS KING.
HERE IS ZAC BROWN BAND.
♪
♪ THERE'S AN OLD RULE
♪ TAKE IT PAST WHERE THE RADIO
CAN'T ♪
♪ THE END OF A BUNCH OF A
GRAVEL ♪
♪
OUT HERE DOING OUR OWN THING ♪
♪ OUT IN THE MIDDLE WHERE THE
HARD WORK MEETS ♪
♪
♪ JUST THE GOOD OLD BOYS
♪ GOOD OLD GIRLS
♪ GETTIN' BY
♪ ON JUST A LITTLE
♪ OUT IN THE MIDDLE
♪ COME FRIDAY
♪ HANGIN' ON LIKE SHEDS IN A
POLE BARN ♪
♪ YOU COULD HEAR HANK
♪ CITY FOLKS SAYIN' WE'RE
CRAZY ♪
♪ THEY AIN'T EVER BEEN WAY OUT
IN THE MIDDLE WHERE THE HARD
WEEK MEETS HARD LIVIN' ♪
♪ OUT IN THE MIDDLE
♪ JUST THE GOOD OLD BOYS
♪ GOOD OLD GIRLS
♪ RED SHIRT DREAMS
IN A CONCRETE
WORLD ♪
♪
GETTING BY ON JUST A LITTLE ♪
♪ OUT IN THE
MIDDLE OF NOWHERE.
THAT'S WHERE I WANT TO BE ♪
♪ BY THE FAMILY GRAVES
♪
♪ OUT IN THE MIDDLE
♪ WHERE THE HARD
WORK MEETS HARD
LIVIN' ♪
♪ OUT IN THE MIDDLE WHERE THE
♪ JUST THE GOOD OLD BOYS
♪ GOOD OLD GIRLS
♪ RED DIRT DREAMS
IN A CONCRETE
WORLD ♪
♪ GETTIN' BY ON JUST A LITTLE
♪
♪ OUT IN THE MIDDLE ♪
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>>> PLEASE WELCOME FROM THE
UPCOMING "REINDEER GAMES
HOMECOMING."
TYLER HUBBARD.
>> TYLER. YOU HAVE GOT YOUR
FIRST SOLO SINGLE ON THE RADIO
RIGHT NOW. AND 5'9" IS A BIG
HIT.
>> WHOO. THANKS. SARAH.
IT'S IMPORTANT
WHEN I WROTE THIS
SONG FOR MY WIFE WHO WAS
ACTUALLY 5'10"
AND WAS QUICK TO
REMIND ME OF THAT WHEN I CAME
HOME.
>> I'M THINKING OF A FOLLOWUP
CALLED
CALLED 5'5".
GUARANTEED TO BE SINGLE OF THE
YEAR.
>> HERE'S THIS YEAR'S NOMINEES
FOR SINGLE OF THE YEAR.
>> "BUY DIRT."
HALF OF MY HOME TOWN.
PRODUCED BY KELSEA BALLERINI.
"NEVER WANTED TO
BE THAT GIRL."
CARLY PEARCE AND
ASHLEY MCBRYDE.
"'TIL YOU CAN'T."
CODY JOHNSON.
MIX ENGINEER JACK CLARKE.
"YOU SHOULD PROBABLY LEAVE."
CHRIS STAPLETON.
MIX ENGINEER VANCE POWELL.
>> AND THE CMA
AWARD FOR SINGLE
OF THE YEAR GOES TO --
>> "'TIL YOU CAN'T"!
CODY JOHNSON.
♪ TAKE IT WHILE YOU
>> THIS IS CODY
SWORNSON'S FIRST
WIN FOR SINGLE OF THE YEAR.
♪ HOLD THEM AS STRONG AND AS
CLOSE AS CAN YOU ♪
♪ "'TIL YOU CAN'T"
♪
IF YOU GOT A CHANCE ♪
♪ TAKE IT
>> I'M NOT GOING
TO TAKE UP TOO
MUCH TIME.
BEN STENNIS. MATT ROGERS WROTE
IN MY OPINION ONE OF THE
GREATEST COUNTRY SONGS.
AND I WAS SO
GRATEFUL TO HAVE IT
IN MY HANDS.
THESE MEN STANDING BEHIND ME.
THE GREATEST PRODUCER AND
ENGINEER IN THE BUSINESS.
I'M NOT GOING TO TAKE UP TOO
MUCH TIME.
I WANT YOU GUYS TO SPEAK.
GOD BLESS COUNTRY MUSIC.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> COWBOY. I JUST WANT TO SAY
ONE THING.
YOU EARNED THIS THE
OLD-FASHIONED WAY.
SINGIN' YOUR HEART OUT EVERY
NIGHT. MAKING FAN AFTER FAN.
THIS IS FOR Y'ALL.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THIS IS NOT THE LAST ONE OF
THESE. I PROMISE.
>> JUST WANTED
TO SAY HI TO MOM
AND DAD UP THERE IN 205.
AND THANKS FOR
YOUR SUPPORT AND
TO CODY AND TRENT.
LOVE YOU GUYS.
>> I SEE BROTHERS OSBORNE ARE
HERE.
LET ME GUESS.
YOUR MOM MAKES YOU WORK WITH
YOUR BROTHER. TOO. RIGHT?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO ANSWER THAT.
TIME FOR A LITTLE MORE MUSIC.
I THINK IT IS SO EXCITING WHEN
TWO SUPERSTARS FROM DIFFERENT
BACKGROUNDS COME TOGETHER AND
PUSH EACH OTHER TO ACHIEVE
SOMETHING REMARKABLE.
PLEASE WELCOME
THOMAS RHETT AND
KATY PERRY.
♪
♪ YEAH. I COME THROUGH AROUND
2:00 AND PICK YOU
UP RIGHT AFTER
YOUR SHIFT ♪
♪ AND DRIVE THAT
CHEVROLET LIKE
A GET AWAY ♪
♪ YOU'LL BE COUNTING YOUR TIPS
♪ WINDOWS DOWN AND SCREAMIN'
OUT ♪
♪ WORLD. WAIT FOR US
♪ EVERYBODY. JUST WAIT FOR US
STHOET
♪ YEAH. WE'RE COMIN'
♪ JUST WAIT FOR US
♪ THOSE DAY WHS WHEN YOU'RE
BROKENHEARTED ♪
♪ AND YOU SAY I DON'T THOUGH
♪
♪ IF I'M GOING TO GO ON
♪ KEEP YOUR EYES ON ME
♪ BECAUSE TALK IS CHEAP
♪ DARLIN' I KNOW
♪ LOOK AT THAT ROAD AND THINK
ABOUT WHERE WE STARTED ♪
♪ I'D BE PLAYIN' MY GUITAR
♪ SINGIN' IN AN EMPTY ROOM
♪ YOU WOULD WONDER IF I COULD
MAKE A LIVIN' SINGIN' ABOUT
YOU ♪
♪ WINDOWS DOWN AND SCREAMING
♪ WORLD. WAIT FOR US
♪ EVERYBODY JUST WAIT FOR US
♪ YEAH. WE'RE COMIN'
♪ JUST WAIT FOR US
♪ THOSE DAYS WHEN YOU'RE
BROKENHEARTED ♪
♪ AND YOU GET KNOCKED DOWN AND
YOU SAY YOU DON'T KNOW HOW ♪
♪ HOW FAR WE'RE GOING TO GO
♪ JUST LOOK AT THAT ROAD
♪ AND THINK ABOUT WHERE WE
STARTED ♪
♪ KEEP YOUR EYES ON ME
♪ BECAUSE TALK IS CHEAP
♪ WHEN ALL WE NEED IS
♪ DARLIN' I DON'T KNOW HOW
♪ FAR WE'RE GOING TO GO
♪ JUST LOOK AT THAT ROAD AND
THINK ABOUT HOW
FAR WE STARTED ♪
♪ AND HOW FAR WE'RE GOING TO
GO ♪
♪ AND ALL THE
THINGS WE'RE GOING
TO SEE ♪
♪ IF YOU WANT A FUTURE
♪ THINK ABOUT OUR HISTORY
♪ THOSE DAYS WHEN YOU'RE
BROKENHEARTED ♪
♪ AND YOU GET KNOCK DOWN. AND
YOU SAY YOU DON'T KNOW HOW ♪
♪ FAR WE'RE GOING TO GO
♪ JUST LOOK AT THAT ROAD
♪ AND THINK ABOUT WHERE WE
STARTED ♪
♪ KEEP YOUR EYES ON ME
♪ PABECAUSE TALK IS CHEAP ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW HOW FAR WE'RE
GOING TO GO ♪
♪ JUST LOOK AT THAT ROAD
♪ AND THINK ABOUT WHERE WE
STARTED ♪
♪ WHERE WE STARTED
>> THOMAS RHETT!
>> KATY PERRY!
Y'ALL.
[ APPLAUSE ]
>>> COMING UP NEXT.
HARDY AND LAINEY WILSON.
THEN LATER. KELSEA
BALLERINI IS
JOINED BY KELLY CLARKSON AND
CARLY PEARCE AND MORGAN WALLEN
AND A TRIBUTE TO
THE GREAT ALLAN
JACKSON.
♪
>>> WELCOME BACK TO THE CMA
AWARDS.
ALTHOUGH THIS IS A CELEBRATION
OF THE ARTISTS
TODAY. AT THE CMA
AWARDS. WE ALWAYS REMEMBER THE
LEGENDS OF OUR FAMILY.
THE OTHER DAY WE LOST ANOTHER
ONE OF THOSE LEGENDS.
ALABAMA'S JEFF COOK.
HE AND HIS BAND
GAVE US SO MANY
HITS.
AND WE HOLD JEFF
AND HIS FAMILY
DEEP AND DEAR IN OUR HEARTS.
OUR NEXT PERFORMERS ARE BOTH
NOMINEES FOR NEW
ARTISTS OF THE
YEAR. AND THEY ARE PROOF THAT
THE FUTURE OF COUNTRY MUSIC IS
IN GREAT HANDS.
GIVE IT UP FOR
HARDY AND LAINEY
WILSON.
♪
♪ GOT TURNED AROUND IN SOME
LITTLE TOWN ♪
♪ I'D NEVER TO BEFORE
♪ WORKIN' MY WAY THROUGH
♪ A LITTLE JUNE MIDNIGHT
THUNDERSTORM ♪
♪ THERE WAS SOMETHING IN THE
HEADLIGHTS ♪
♪ STOPPIN' ME ON A DIME
♪ SHE WAS SCARED TO DEATH
♪ SO I SAID CLIMB
IN AND IN SHE
COME ♪
♪ OH.
♪ SHE WAS BRUISED
AND BROKE FROM
HEAD TO TOE ♪
♪ WITH A TEAR AND
A BLOODSTAINED
SHIRT ♪
♪ SHE DIDN'T TELL THE WHOLE
TRUTH ♪
♪ BUT SHE DIDN'T ADD TO
♪ I KNEW WHAT HAD HAPPENED TO
HER ♪
♪ AND I DIDN'T LOAD HER DOWN
WITH QUESTIONS ♪
♪ THAT GIRL HAD BEEN THROUGH
ENOUGH ♪
♪ I JUST THREW IT IN DRIVE
♪ LOOKED IN THOSE
EYES AND ASKED
HER WHERE SHE WAS ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW IF HE'S AN
ANGEL ♪
♪ BECAUSE ANGELS DON'T DO WHAT
HE DID ♪
♪ HE WAS HELL BENT TO FIND THE
MAN BEHIND ALL
THE WHISKEY STARS
I HID ♪
♪ AND I NEVER THOUGHT MY DAVE
JUSTICE ♪
STH
♪ WOULD COME FROM
A JUDGE UNDER
A SEAT ♪
♪ AND I KNEW I'D NEVER GET HIT
AGAIN WHEN HE SAID TO ME ♪
♪
WAIT IN THE TRUCK ♪
♪ JUST WAIT IN THE TRUCK
♪
♪ WELL. I KNOCKED AND KNOCKED
♪ AND NO ONE CAME. SO I KICKED
IN HIS DOUBLE WIDE DOOR ♪
♪ I LET THE HAMMER DROP BEFORE
HE GOT TO THAT TH.12 HE WAS
REACHIN' FOR ♪
♪ I JUST SAT ON THE PORCH
SMOKING ONE OF HIS CIGARETTES
WAITING FOR THE COPS TO COME ♪
♪ I DON'T KNOW
IF HE WAS AN GEL♪
♪ AND I NEVER
THOUGHT MY DAY OF
JUSTICE WOULD
COME FROM A JUDGE
UNDER A SEAT ♪
♪ BUT I KNEW RIGHT THEN I'D
NEVER GET HIT
AGAIN WHEN HE SAID
TO ME ♪
♪ WAIT IN THE TRUCK
♪ JUST WAIT IN THE TRUCK
♪ OH.
♪ HAVE MERCY ON ME
♪ LORD. HAVE MRERCY ON ME ♪
♪ HAVE MERCY ON ME. LORD
♪ IT'S BEEN 60 MONTHS. AND SHE
STILL COMES TO
SEE ME FROM TIME
TO TIME ♪
♪ IT WAS WORTH
THE PRICE TO SEE
A BRIGHTER SIDE OF THE GIRL I
PICKED UP THAT NIGHT ♪
♪ AND I MIGHT BE HERE FOREVER
♪ IT AIN'T PARADISE THAT'S
TRUE ♪
♪ BUT IT'S A WHOLE
HELL OF A LOT
BETTER ♪
♪ THAN THE PLACE I SENT HIM TO
♪ HAVE MERCY
♪ HAVE MERCY. HAVE MERCY ON ME
♪ JUST WAIT IN THE TRUCK. JUST
WAIT IN THE TRUCK ♪
♪ HAVE MERCY. HAVE MERCY. HAVE
MERCY ON ME ♪
♪ LORD. HAVE MERCY ON ME
♪ HAVE MERCY. HAVE MERCY. HAVE
MERCY ON ME ♪
♪ LORD. HAVE
MERCY. HAVE MERCY.
HAVE MERCY ON ME ♪
♪ JUST WAIT IN THE TRUCK
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>>> FROM THE HIT TELEVISION
SERIES "YELLOWSTONE". PLEASE
WELCOME COLE HAUSER.
>> GARTH. DOLLY.
MERLE. WILLIE.
YOU KNOW THEY'RE
ALL-TIME GREATS
IF YOU KNOW THEIR FIRST NAME.
THEY'RE ALL PAST
WINNERS IN THIS
CATEGORY. AND NOW ONE OF THESE
NOMINEES FOR THE ALBUM OF THE
YEAR WILL BRING HOME THIS
COVETED TROPHY.
>> "GROWIN' UP."
"HUMBLE QUEST." MAREN MORRIS.
MIX ENGINEER. SERVIN.
"PALOMINO."
"SAYIN' WHAT I'M THINKIN'."
"TIME. TEQUILA & THERAPY." OLD
DO
DOMINION.
>> AND THE CMA AWARD FOR ALBUM
OF THE YEAR GOES.
COME ON. LUKE
COMBS!
♪ SOME CANDLES BURNIN'
>> THIS IS LOOK COLMES' SECOND
WIN FOR ALBUM OF THE YEAR.
♪ KEEP DOIN' WHAT YOU'RE DOIN'
TO ME ALL NIGHT LONG ♪
>> OH. MAN.
I WAS NOT EXPECTING THIS.
AND I DON'T. I DON'T WANT TO
WASTE TOO MUCH OF YOUR TIME.
I'M SO THANKFUL
ANYTIME I GET TO
STAND UP HERE.
BUT THE REAL PEOPLE TO BE
THANKFUL FOR ARE THESE TWO
GENTLEMEN STANDING BEHIND ME.
CHIP MATTHEWS AND JONATHAN
SINGLETON.
THESE GUYS WORKED THEIR TAILS
OFF ON THIS ALBUM.
CHIP MIGHT HAVE
SLEPT TWO HOURS
SINCE WE PUT THIS RECORD OUT.
SO I WANT Y'ALL
TO COME UP HERE
AND SAY SOMETHING.
THANK Y'ALL SO MUCH.
>> I'VE BEEN HERE A LONG TIME.
AND I OWE A LOT OF PEOPLE IN
THIS ROOM A LOT OF GRATITUDE.
BUT MAINLY LUKE. JONATHAN.
CAPPY. SONY AND MY MOM.
THANK YOU.
♪
>> CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL OF
THIS YEAR'S WINNERS OF CMA'S
BROADCAST STATION AND
PERSONALITY AWARDS.
COMING UP NEXT.
KELSEA BALLERINI
IS JOINED BY KELLY
CLARKSON AND
CARLY PEARCE.
THEN LATER. CHRIS
STAPLETON.
ONLY ON ABC.
♪
>>> WELCOME BACK TO THE CMA
AWARDS.
CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL OF THIS
YEAR'S NOMINEES
FOR MUSICIAN OF
THE YEAR AND TO THIS YEAR'S
WINNER. JENEE FLEENOR.
WHERE YOU AT?
CONGRATULATIONS.
>> AND COUNTRY MUSIC NEWS.
MIRANDA LAMBERT HAS HER OWN
FRAGRANCE.
VELVET RODEO EAU DE PARFUM.
I DON'T ACTUALLY HAVE A JOKE
HERE.
LUKE JUST BET ME I WOULDN'T BE
ABLE TO PRONOUNCE THAT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> I FORGOT YOU GREW UP IN NEW
ORLEANS.
>> YEAH. I TOOK
A LITTLE FRENCH
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
>> WHAT'S YOUR FAFVORITE
FRAGRANCE?
>> WAFFLE HOUSE.
>> OF COURSE IT IS.
>> WE HAVE THREE SUPERSTARS
READY TO PERFORM RIGHT NOW.
HERE'S KELSEA BALLERINI!
♪ I'VE BEEN STILL WITH YOUR
MAMA ♪
♪ IN THE BASEMENT
♪ PLAYIN' YOUR GUITAR ALL
AFTERNOON ♪
♪ YA GOT THE KIND OF FACE
♪
WHERE IT MIGHT BE A MAYBE ♪
♪ YOU STARTED
TALKIN' DIRTY TOO
SOON ♪
♪ YOU'RE DRUNK
♪ GO HOME
♪ IF YOU'RE TRYIN' TO HOOK UP
♪ GOT TO DO IT ALONE
♪ AIN'T NO WAY
YOU'RE GONNA GET
MY NUMBER ♪
♪ HEY. WALK AWAY
♪ SO ME AND MY
GIRLS CAN DO OUR
THING ♪
ONE-NIGHT RODEO ♪ FOR A -
♪ YOU'RE DRUNK
♪ GO HOME
>> CARLY PEARCE AND KELLY
CLARKSON!
♪ YOUR FRIENDS ARE ALL GONE
♪ GOT YOURSELF IN A PICKLE
♪ YEAH. I KNOW
♪ YOU'RE JUST A DOG BARKING UP
THE WRONG DAMN TREE ♪
♪ YOU'RE DRUNK
♪ GO HOME
♪ IF YOU'RE TRYIN' TO HOOK UP
♪ GOTTA DO IT ALONE
♪ THE WAY YOU'RE SLURRIN' ♪
♪ AIN'T NO WAY
YOU'RE GETTIN' MY
NUMBER ♪
♪ SO WALK AWAY
♪ YOU'RE DRUNK
♪ GO HOME
>> WOO!
>> PLAY SOME COUNTRY MUSIC!
♪
♪ YOU'RE DRUNK
♪ GO HOME
♪ ANY OTHER NIGHT
I MIGHT THROW
YOU A BONE ♪
♪ BUT THE WAY YOU'RE SLURRIN'
♪ THE WAY YOU STUMBLE
♪ AIN'T NO WAY
YOU'RE GETTIN' MY
NUMBER ♪
♪ HEY. WALK AWAY
♪ SO ME AND MY
GIRLS CAN DO OUR
THING ♪
♪ I AIN'T LOOKIN' FOR A
ONE-NIGHT RODEO ♪
♪ YOU AIN'T NOTHING
♪ YOU'RE DRUNK
♪ GO HOME!
>> SEE YOU LATER!
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> THEY'RE NOMINEES
TONIGHT FOR
VOCAL GROUP OF
THE YEAR. PLEASE
WELCOME LADY A.
>> WHAT I LOVE
ABOUT THIS NIGHT
IS THAT IT HONORS THE LEGENDS
LIKE LORETTA LYNN AND ALLAN
JACKSON.
>> AND IT ALSO
SHOWCASES THE NEW
COUNTRY STARS WHO
ARE FOLLOWING
IN THEIR FOOTSTEPS.
>> STARS WHO WERE GIVING US SO
MANY NEW EXCITING SONGS AND
GREAT LIVE PERFORMANCES TO
ENJOY. LIKE THESE NOMINEES FOR
NEW ARTIST OF THE YEAR.
♪ I HOPE YOU GOT SOME NEW
STORIES TO TELL ♪
>> HARDY.
WALKER HAYES.
CODY JOHNSON.
PARKER McCOLLUM.
LAINEY WILSON.
>> AND THE CMA AWARD FOR NEW
ARTIST OF THE YEAR GOES TO
LAINEY WILSON!
♪
♪ A LITTLE BIT OF LOVE
♪ IS ALL THAT IS NEEDED
>> WOO!
IF YOU KNOW ME.
YOU KNOW THAT I
AM RARELY SPEECHLESS.
AND I FEEL PRETTY SPEECHLESS
RIGHT NOW.
I WILL SAY THIS ONE RIGHT HERE
IS FOR THAT 9-YEAR-OLD LITTLE
GIRL WHO WROTE HER FIRST SONG.
WHO KNEW IN HER
HEART THAT THIS
WAS WHAT SHE WAS
SUPPOSED TO DO.
THIS IS FOR THOSE
11 YEARS THAT
I HAVE BEEN HERE IN NASHVILLE
AND NOT TAKEN NO
FOR AN ANSWER.
THANK YOU.
THIS RIGHT HERE
IS FOR EVERYBODY
WHO HAS BELIEVED IN ME AND A
LITTLE BIT FOR
THE ONES WHO EVEN
DIDN'T.
I FEEL LIKE I'VE GOT SO MANY
PEOPLE TO THANK.
FIRST OF ALL. I WANT TO THANK
JESUS CHRIST. MY LORD AND
SAVIOR.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
YES.
MY MAMA. MY DADDY.
MY SISTER. MY
FAMILY. MY TOWN OF 200 PEOPLE.
BASKIN. NORTHEAST LOUISIANA.
OH. MY GOODNESS.
MY LABOR. BMG. BROKEN BOW. RED
LIGHT MANAGEMENT. MANDOLIN.
YOU'RE MY BRIDE OR DIE.
WME. SONY MUSIC
PUBLISHIN'. ALL
MY COLLABORATORS. ALL OF MY
FRIENDS IN THIS TOWN.
THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR MAKING MY
DREAMS COME TRUE. MY BAND. MY
PRODUCER. THANK YOU ALL.
WE JUST GETTIN' STARTED!
LET'S GO!
>> HE'S A NOMINEE TONIGHT FOR
ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR.
GIVE IT UP FOR MORGAN WALLEN.
♪
♪ I'VE BEEN THROWIN' DOWN THE
WHISKEY ♪
♪ I OUGHT TO GET MY MONEY BACK
♪ SOMEONE SAID IT DROWNS THE
MEMORY ♪
♪ AH. BUT IT AIN'T DOIN' JACK
♪ I BEEN SIPPIN'. I BEEN
BUZZIN' ♪
♪ BEEN GUZZLIN' LIKE IT'S
NOTHING ♪
♪ I NEED SOMETHING
STRONGER THAN
I'M USED TO ♪
♪ YEAH. I BEEN PULLIN' 90 TO
100 ♪
♪ FEEL LIKE NOTHING'S GOING TO
CUT IT ♪
♪ THAT'S A HARD TRUTH
♪ YEAH. I NEED SOMETHING
USEFUL ♪
♪ I NEED SOMETHING
♪ PUT'EM UP AND SHUT'EM DOWN
♪ DON'T MATTER WHAT TOWN
♪ I CAN'T GET YOU GONE
♪ AIN'T NOBODY
SELLING SOMETHING
YOU PROOF ♪
♪ I BEEN PULLING 90 TO 100
♪ FEEL LIKE NOTHING'S GOING TO
CUT IT ♪
♪ THAT'S A HARD TRUTH
♪ YEAH. I NEED SOMETHING YOU
PROOF ♪
♪ I NEED SOMETHING YOU PROOF
>> MAKE SOME NOISE FOR MY BOYS
UP HERE.
♪
♪ I BEEN DRINKIN'
LIQUOR TRYING
TO GET YOU GONE ♪
♪ ALTHOUGH I MUST BE DOING
SOMETHING WRONG ♪
♪ BECAUSE I BEEN
WORKIN' HARD TO
FADE YOUR MEMORY ♪
♪ BABY. BUT THE ONLY THING
FADING IS ME ♪
♪ YEAH. I NEED SOMETHING YOU
PROOF ♪
♪ SOMETHING STRONGER THAN I'M
USED TO ♪
♪ I BEEN PULLIN' 90 TO 100
♪ FEEL LIKE NOTHING'S GOING TO
CUT IT ♪
♪ THAT'S THE HARD TRUTH
♪ YEAH. I NEED SOMETHING YOU
PROOF ♪
♪ OH. I NEED SOMETHING YOU
♪
♪ YOU PROOF
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: COMING UP.
PERFORMANCES BY
CHRIS STAPLETON
AND PATTY LOVELESS. BROTHERS
OSBORNE. AND THE
WAR AND TREATY.
ELLE KING AND THE BLACK KEYS.
ONLY ON ABC.
♪
>>> I'M LAINEY WILSON.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
CROWN ROYAL HAS
A DEEP TRADITION
OF GENEROSITY. ESPECIALLY FOR
OUR MILITARY.
SO IN THEIR FIFTH
YEAR WITH THE
CMA AWARDS -- COME ON NOW.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
THEY ARE CELEBRATING
PEOPLE WHO
TRULY DESERVE A
CROWN FOR THEIR
ACTS OF SERVICE IN LOCAL
COMMUNITIES.
TAKE A LOOK AT CREATIVETS. A
VETERAN PROGRAM THAT USES THE
POWER OF MUSIC TO HEAL.
RECENTLY I HAD THE OPPORTUNITY
TO JOIN AN INCREDIBLE GROUP OF
VETERANS. AND WE PACKED CARE
PACKAGES TO SEND TO MILITARY
OVERSEAS AS PART OF THE CROWN
ROYAL PURPLE BAG PROJECT.
AND WE ALSO LEARNED ABOUT THE
CREATIVETS PROGRAM.
>> SO I JOINED
THE MARINE CORPS
IN 2003 STRAIGHT OUT OF HIGH
SCHOOL.
WITHIN THE FIRST
FOUR MONTHS MY
HUMVEE WAS BLOWN UP FOUR
SEPARATE TIMES
LEAVING ME WITH A
TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY.
MY BUDDY WAS SHOT AND KILLED
BESIDE ME.
COMING HOME I
DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO
PROCESS THIS SO I JUST STARTED
DIVING INTO
LEARNING HOW TO TELL
MY OWN STORY AND
PUTTING IT INTO
MUSIC.
AND THAT JOURNEY AND PROCESS
COMPLETELY SAVED MY LIFE.
>> HI. GUYS.
>> SO I KNEW I HAD TO START
CREATIVETS TO HELP OTHER
VETERANS TELL THESE STORIES.
>> I'VE GOT TO HEAR SOME OF
THESE SONGS.
♪ TAKING THE LONG WAY HOME
>> I FIGURED I'D
SHARE ONE WITH
Y'ALL IF THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
♪ KEEP YOU FOREVER
♪ BABY I'LL BE YOUR DREAM
CATCHER ♪
>> BEING HERE
TODAY HAS REMINDED
ME WHY I GET TO
DO WHAT I GET TO
DO.
>> THANK Y'ALL.
>> THEY SHARED THEIR STORIES.
THEY SHARED THEIR
SONGS WITH ME.
AND THAT TAKES A
VERY VULNERABLE
AND BRAVE PERSON TO DO THAT.
>> AS VETS WE ISOLATE.
BUT MUSIC HAS THE
POWER TO BRING
SUSS TOGETHER. SHARE OUR
STORIES. AND BRING
OTHER VETS IN
TO HEALING AND
HAPPINESS AGAIN.
>> TO HAVE A PROGRAM LIKE
CREATIVETS WHERE
WE CAN COME OUT
AND TELL OUR STORIES IN A SAFE
PLACE AND CONNECT TO OTHER
COMRADES. THE
THERAPEUTIC VALUE
OF THAT IS EXPONENTIAL.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH. CROWN
ROYAL. FOR WHAT YOU DO FOR OUR
SOLDIERS.
FOR WHAT YOU'RE DOING FOR OUR
VETERANS NOW.
HEALING THEM WITH MUSIC.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> I AM JOINED
BY MARINE VETERAN
AND FOUNDER OF CREATIVETS.
RICHARD CASPER.
COME ON NOW.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
RICHARD. YOUR DEDICATION TO
VETERANS IS
UNMATCHED. AND CROWN
ROYAL AND I BELIEVE THAT
DESERVES A CROWN.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
COME ON.
FOR YOUR GENEROSITY I'VE GOT A
CHECK FROM CROWN ROYAL IN THIS
PURPLE BAG.
A $50.000 DONATION TO
CREATIVETS ON YOUR BEHALF.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> WE'RE ALL AWARE OF THE
DEVASTATING FLOODS THAT HIT
EASTERN KENTUCKY THIS PAST
SUMMER.
>> AS ALWAYS. OUR
COUNTRY MUSIC
COMMUNITY CAME
TOGETHER TO HELP.
JUST A FEW WEEKS AGO CHRIS
STAPLETON WAS
JOINED ON STAGE BY
ANOTHER NATIVE
KENTUCKIAN. PATTY
LOVELESS. AT THE
KENTUCKY RISING
BENEFIT CONCERT. WHERE THEY
PERFORMED A SONG WRITTEN BY
VIRTUOSO SINGER-SONGWRITER
DARRELL SCOTT. AS A TRIBUTE TO
ALL WHO'VE HAD
SUCH A HARD YEAR.
>> HE JOINS THEM TONIGHT TO
BRING US THE HAUNTING AND
POWERFUL "YOU'LL NEVER LEAVE
HARLAN ALIVE."
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN. PATTY
LOVELESS. MORGAN AND CHRIS
STAPLETON.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ IN THE DEEP DARK HILLS OF
EASTERN KENTUCKY ♪
♪ THAT'S THE PLACE
WHERE I TRACE
MY BLOODLINE ♪
♪ AND IT'S THERE I READ ON A
HILLSIDE GRAVESTONE ♪
♪ YOU'LL NEVER LEAVE HARLAN
ALIVE ♪
♪ OH. MY GRANDDAD'S
DAD CROSSED
THE CUMBERLAND MOUNTAINS ♪
♪ AND HE HE TOOK HER TO BE HIS
BRIDE ♪
♪ SAID WON'T YOU WALK WITH ME
OUT OF THE MOUTH OF THIS
HOLLER ♪
♪ WE'LL NEVER LEAVE HARLAN
ALIVE ♪
♪ WHERE THE SUN COMES UP ABOUT
10 IN THE MORNING ♪
♪ AND THE SUN
GOES DOWN ABOUT 3
IN THE DAY ♪
♪ AND YOU FILL YOUR CUP WITH
WHATEVER BITTER BREW YOU'RE
DRINKING ♪
♪ AND YOU SPEND YOUR LIFE JUST
THINKING OF HOW TO GET AWAY ♪
♪ NO ONE EVER KNEW THERE WAS
COAL IN THEM MOUNTAINS ♪
♪ TILL A MAN FROM
THE NORTHEAST
ARRIVED ♪
♪ WAVING HUNDRED-DOLLAR BILLS
♪ SAID I'LL PAY YOU FOR YOUR
MINERALS ♪
♪ HE NEVER LEFT HARLAN ALIVE
♪ GRANNY SOLD OUT CHEAP AND
MOVED OUT WEST OF PINEVILLE ♪
♪ TO A FARM WHERE BIG RICHLAND
RIVER WINDS ♪
♪ AND I BET THEY DANCED THEM A
JIG ♪
♪ AND THEY LAUGHED AND SANG A
NEW SONG ♪
♪ WHO SAID WE'D NEVER LEAVE
HARLAN ALIVE ♪
♪
♪ HUH. HUH. HUH
♪ WELL. THE TIMES
THEY GOT HARD
AND TOBACCO WASN'T SELLING ♪
♪ AND OLD GRANDDAD KNEW WHAT
HE'D DO TO SURVIVE ♪
♪ HE WENT AND DUG FOR HARLAN
COAL ♪
♪ AND SENT THE MONEY BACK TO
GRANDMA ♪
♪ BUT HE NEVER LEFT HARLAN
ALIVE ♪
♪ WHERE THE SUN COMES UP ABOUT
10 IN THE MORNING ♪
♪ AND THE SUN
GOES DOWN ABOUT 3
IN THE DAY ♪
♪ AND YOU FILL YOUR CUP WITH
WHATEVER BITTER BREW YOU'RE
DRINKING ♪
♪ AND YOU SPEND YOUR LIFE
DIGGING COAL FROM
THE BOTTOM OF
YOUR GRAVE ♪
♪ MMM. MM. HUH. HUH
♪
♪ HUH. HUH
♪ YOU'LL NEVER LEAVE HARLAN
ALIVE ♪
♪ OH. OH. OH. OH
♪ OH. OH. OH
♪ MM. MM. MM
♪ YOU'LL NEVER LEAVE HARLAN
ALIVE ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> PATTY LOVELESS!
>> Announcer:
HE'S SOLD OVER 125
MILLION ALBUMS.
HE'S A MUSIC
LEGEND AND A MEMBER
OF THE ROCK N' ROLL HALL OF
FAME.
PLEASE WELCOME
"AMERICAN IDOL'S"
LIONEL RICHIE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> HELLO. EVERYBODY.
WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO BECOME A
NOMINEE FOR FEMALE VOCALIST OF
THE YEAR?
IT TAKES A PERFECT COMBINATION
OF A STRONG WOMAN WITH AN
AMAZING VOICE WHO KNOWS HOW TO
CHOOSE THE RIGHT SONGS.
PRETTY MUCH DEFINES THESE FIVE
WOMEN.
MIRANDA LAMBERT.
ASHLEY McBRYDE.
CARLY PEARCE.
CARRIE UNDERWOOD.
LAINEY WILSON.
AND THE CMA AWARD FOR FEMALE
VOCALIST OF THE
YEAR GOES TO --
LAINEY WILSON!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: THIS IS LAINEY
WILSON'S FIRST WIN FOR FEMALE
VOCALIST OF THE YEAR.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> WHOO!
WAS DEFINITELY NOT EXPECTING
THIS AT ALL.
I LOOK UP TO EVERY
SINGLE ONE OF
THE LADIES IN THIS CATEGORY.
THEY HAVE ALL
INFLUENCED ME AND
INSPIRED ME.
AND I'M SO HONORED
TO JUST EVEN
BE NOMINATED FOR THIS.
HIS IS HUGE.
I WANT TO SAY A FEW MONTHS AGO
MY DADDY GOT REAL SICK AND WE
THOUGHT WE WERE GOING TO LOSE
HIM.
HE SPENT TWO MONTHS IN ICU.
AND HE'S WALKING
THE CARPET WITH
ME TONIGHT AND HE'S HERE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
THIS ONE RIGHT HERE IS FOR MY
DADDY BRIAN WILSON.
I AIN'T TALKING
ABOUT THE BEACH
BOY.
I'M TALKING ABOUT THE COWBOY.
I'M SO EXCITED
THAT YOU'RE HERE
WITH ME.
THIS IS FOR MY FAMILY. WHO
BELIEVED IN ME BEFORE ANYBODY
DID.
AND AGAIN. THE
BEST TEAM IN THE
WORLD AND THE BEST FANS.
AND I PROMISE YOU. I KNOW I'M
NEW TO A LOT OF FOLKS BUT I
WON'T LET Y'ALL
DOWN. I PROMISE
YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: COMING UP NEXT.
BROTHERS OSBORNE
AND THE WAR AND
TREATY.
THEN LATER. THE AWARD FOR MALE
VOCALIST OF THE
YEAR. ELLE KING
AND THE BLACK KEYS. AND ALAN
JACKSON RECEIVES THE WILLIE
NELSON LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT
AWARD.
♪
>>> WELCOME BACK TO THE CMA
AWARDS.
60 YEARS AGO THAT VERY BRITISH
GROUP THE ROLLING
STONES FOREVER
CHANGED AMERICAN
COUNTRY MUSIC.
THEY INFLUENCED ALL OF US. AND
HERE TODAY THEY
INFLUENCE ALL OF
US TODAY AND THEY
WILL DO IN THE
FUTURE AND MANY YEARS TO COME.
NEXT YEAR AN ALBUM
IS COMING OUT
CALLED "STONED COLD COUNTRY."
IT'S NASHVILLE'S
LOVE LETTER TO
THE ROLLING STONES.
AND HERE TO PERFORM
A SONG FROM
THAT ALBUM ARE THE WAR AND
TREATY AND VOCAL
DUO OF THE YEAR
WINNERS BROTHERS OSBORNE!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ IF I COULD STICK
MY PEN IN MY
HEART ♪
♪ AND SPILL IT ALL OVER THE
STAGE ♪
♪ WOULD IT SATISFY
YA. WOULD IT
SLIDE ON BY YA ♪
♪ WOULD YOU THINK THE BOY IS
STRANGE ♪
♪ AIN'T HE STRANGE
♪ IF I COULD WIN
YA. IF I COULD
SING YA ♪
♪ A LOVE SONG SO DIVINE
♪ WOULD IT BE ENOUGH FOR YOUR
CHEATING HEART ♪
♪ IF I BROKE DOWN AND CRIED
♪ IF I CRIED
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ LIKE IT
♪ YES I DO
♪ I LIKE IT
♪ I SAID I LIKE IT
♪ YEAH. I LIKE IT
♪ CAN'T YOU SEE THAT THIS OLD
BOY HAS BEEN LONELY ♪
♪ IF I COULD STICK
A KNIFE IN MY
HEART ♪
♪ SUICIDE RIGHT ON THE STAGE
♪ WOULD IT BE ENOUGH FOR YOUR
TEENAGE LUST ♪
♪ WOULD IT HELP YOU EASE THE
PAIN ♪
♪ EASE YOUR BRAIN
♪ IF I COULD DIG
DOWN DEEP IN MY
HEART ♪
♪ FEELINGS WOULD FLOOD ON THE
PAGE ♪
♪ WOULD IT SATISFY YA
♪ WOULD IT SLIDE ON BY YA
♪ WOULD YA THINK THE BOY IS
INSANE ♪
♪ HE'S INSANE
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ I LIKE IT. YES I DO
♪ I LIKE IT
♪ SAID I LIKE IT
♪ YEAH. I LIKE IT
♪ CAN'T YOU SEE
THIS OLD BOY HAS
BEEN LONELY ♪
♪ AND DO YA THINK THAT YOU'RE
THE ONLY GIRL AROUND ♪
♪ I BET YOU THINK THAT YOU'RE
THE ONLY WOMAN IN TOWN ♪
♪ AH
♪
♪ I LIKE IT
♪ UH-HUH
♪ SAID I LIKE IT
♪ I LIKE IT
♪ YEAH I LIKE IT. I LIKE IT. I
LIKE IT. I LIKE IT ♪
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ I LIKE IT
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ I LIKE IT. I LIKE IT
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ I KNOW IT'S
ONLY ROCK N' ROLL
BUT I LIKE IT ♪
♪ LIKE IT
♪ YES I DO ♪
>> WAR AND TREATY. EVERYBODY!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer:
PLEASE WELCOME THE
STARS OF THE MOVIE
"A CHRISTMAS
OPEN HOUSE" AND HGTV'S "HOME
TOWN." ERIN AND BEN NAPIER.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> ALL THE NOMINEES IN THIS
CATEGORY ARE MY FAVORITE MALE
VOCALISTS.
>> SHE'S LYING. Y'ALL.
I'M HER NUMBER ONE WHEN I'M
SINGING IN THE TRUCK.
>> THAT'S TRUE.
HERE ARE THE NOMINEES FOR MALE
VOCALIST OF THE YEAR.
>> ERIC CHURCH.
>> LUKE COMBS.
>> CODY JOHNSON.
>> CHRIS STAPLETON.
>> MORGAN WALLEN.
AND THE CMA AWARD FOR MALE
VOCALIST OF THE
YEAR GOES TO --
CHRIS STAPLETON.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: THIS IS CHRIS
STAPLETON'S SIXTH WIN FOR MALE
VOCALIST OF THE YEAR.
♪
♪ I CAN BE YOUR LUCKY PENNY
♪ YOU CAN BE MY FOUR LEAF
CLOVER ♪
♪ START ALL OVER
>> WELL. OKAY.
MAN.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS.
THANK YOU.
IT MEANS SO MUCH.
I GOT AN AWARD FROM MY FRIENDS
BACK HERE.
AND I WAS SITTING
OVER THERE AND
ALL THE GUYS IN
THE CATEGORY ALL
DESERVE THIS AWARD.
EVERYBODY'S KILLING IT.
AND I'M SO HONORED TO BE A
MEMBER OF THE COUNTRY MUSIC
COMM
COMMUNITY.
I PROMISED MY
DAUGHTER IF I GOT
UP HERE. IT'S HER BIRTHDAY
TONIGHT.
SO ADA. HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
SHE'S 12 TONIGHT.
I LOVE YOU. BABY.
THIS IS FOR YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> THE GREATEST HONOR ONE CAN
RECEIVE IN COUNTRY MUSIC IS
BEING INDUCTED
INTO THE COUNTRY
MUSIC HALL OF FAME.
THIS YEAR THE FOLLOWING GREATS
HAVE JOINED THAT LIST OF
LEGENDS.
>> THE ICONIC RAY CHARLES.
STEEL GUITAR VIRTUOSO PETE
DRAKE.
THE INCREDIBLE KEITH WHITLEY.
THE FIRST DRUMMER INDUCTED IN
THE HALL. EDDIE BAYERS.
AND MULTIPLE VOCAL DUO WINNERS
THE JUDDS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> THE FINAL
MEMBER OF THE HALL
OF FAME CLASS OF
2022 WAS JERRY
LEE LEWIS.
SADLY. AS WE ALL KNOW. JERRY
PASSED AWAY AT THE END OF
OCTOBER.
BUT ALTHOUGH HE'S GONE. HIS
LEGACY STILL ENDURES.
>> HERE TO HONOR
THE KILLER ARE
ELLE KING AND THE BLACK KEYS.
JERRY. THIS ONE'S FOR YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ YOU SHAKE MY NERVES AND YOU
RATTLE MY BRAIN ♪
♪ TOO MUCH LOVE DRIVES A MAN
INSANE ♪
♪ YOU BROKE MY WILL
♪ WHAT A THRILL
♪ GOODNESS GRACIOUS
GREAT BALLS
OF FIRE ♪
♪ I LAUGHED AT LOVE 'CAUSE I
THOUGHT IT WAS FUNNY ♪
♪ YOU CAME ALONG AND MOVED ME
HONEY ♪
♪ I'VE CHANGED MY MIND
♪ THIS LOVE IS FINE
♪ GOODNESS GRACIOUS
GREAT BALLS
OF FIRE ♪
♪ KISS ME BABY
♪ OOH. FEELS GOOD
♪
♪ I WANT TO LOVE YOU LIKE A
LOVER SHOULD ♪
♪ YOU'RE FINE
♪ SO KIND
♪ GOT TO TELL THIS WORLD THAT
YOU'RE MINE MINE MINE ♪
♪ I CHEW MY NAILS
AND I TWIDDLE
MY THUMBS ♪
♪ I'M REALLY
NERVOUS BUT IT SURE
IS FUN ♪
♪ COME ON BABY YOU DRIVE ME
CRAZY ♪
♪ GOODNESS GRACIOUS
GREAT BALLS
OF FIRE ♪
♪
>> BLACK KEYS!
♪ OOH. KISS ME BABY
♪ OOH. FEELS GOOD
♪ HOLD ME BABY
♪ I'M GONNA LOVE YOU LIKE A
LOVER SHOULD ♪
♪ YOU'RE FINE
♪ YOU'RE SO KIND
♪ WANT TO TELL THIS WORLD THAT
YOU'RE MINE MINE MINE ♪
♪ I CHEW MY NAILS
AND I TWIDDLE
MY THUMBS ♪
♪ I'M REAL NERVOUS BUT IT SURE
IS FUN ♪
♪ COME ON BABY YOU DRIVE ME
CRAZY ♪
♪ GOODNESS GRACIOUS
GREAT BALLS
OF FIRE ♪
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: UP
NEXT. A MUSICAL
TRIBUTE TO THE
RECIPIENT OF THE
WILLIE NELSON LIFETIME
ACHIEVEMENT AWARD.
ALAN JACKSON.
PLUS THE CMA AWARD FOR
ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR.
ONLY ON ABC.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ REMEMBER WHEN
♪ I WAS YOUNG AND SO WERE YOU
♪ TIME STOOD STILL
♪ AND LOVE WAS ALL WE KNEW
♪ YOU WERE THE FIRST. SO WAS I
♪ WE MADE LOVE AND THEN YOU
CRIED ♪
♪ REMEMBER WHEN
>> IT'S MY HONOR TO BE HERE
TONIGHT AS WE
HONOR ALAN JACKSON
WITH THE CMA WILLIE NELSON
LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD.
THE VERY FIRST CONCERT I EVER
WENT TO WAS AN ALAN JACKSON
CONCERT.
SEEING HIM PERFORM HELPED
INSPIRE ME TO
PURSUE MY DREAMS.
IT'S BEEN SAID THAT COUNTRY
MUSIC IS THREE CHORDS AND THE
TRUTH.
AND IN EVERY ONE OF ALAN
JACKSON'S SONGS
THERE IS TRUTH.
FOR HIS POWERFUL
VOICE SPEAKS TO
US ABOUT HOPE AND HEARTACHE.
ABOUT FUN AND
FRIENDSHIP. ABOUT
TRAGEDY AND
TRIUMPH. ABOUT LIFE.
AND A LITTLE ABOUT LOVE.
ALAN. YOU HAVE
FRIENDS IN EVERY
CORNER OF THIS GREAT COUNTRY.
AND A SPECIAL FEW OF THEM ARE
HERE TONIGHT TO HONOR YOU.
♪
♪ WELL. WAY DOWN YONDER ON THE
SCHAT HOOPEE ♪
♪ IT GETS HOTTER THAN A HOOPIE
COOCHIE ♪
♪ WE LAID RUBBER ON THE GEORGI
ASPHALT ♪
♪ AND GOT A LITTLE
CRAZY BUT WE
NEVER GOT CAUGHT ♪
♪ DOWN BY THE
RIVER ON A FRIDAY
NIGHT ♪
♪ A PYRAMID OF
CANS IN THE PALE
MOONLIGHT ♪
♪ TALKING BOUT
CARS AND DREAMING
ABOUT WOMEN ♪
♪ NEVER HAD A
PLAN JUST A LIVING
FOR THE MINUTE ♪
♪ WELL. WAY DOWN YONDER ON THE
CHATTAHOOCHEE. NEVER KNEW HOW
MUCH THAT MUDDY WATER MEANT TO
ME ♪
♪ BUT I LEARNED
HOW TO SWIM AND
I LEARNED WHO I WAS ♪
♪ A LOT ABOUT LIVIN' AND A
LITTLE ABOUT LOVE ♪
♪
♪ WELL. WE FOGGED
UP THE WINDOWS
IN MY OLD CHEVY ♪
♪ AND I WAS WILLING BUT SHE
WASN'T READY ♪
♪ SO I SETTLED
FOR A BURGER AND
A GRAPE SNOW CONE ♪
♪ I DROFD HER OFF EARLY BUT I
DIDN'T GO HOME ♪
♪ DOWN BY THE
RIVER ON A FRIDAY
NIGHT ♪
♪ A PYRAMID OF
CANS IN THE PALE
MOONLIGHT ♪
♪ TALKING ABOUT CARS AND
DREAMING ABOUT WOMEN ♪
♪ NEVER HAD A
PLAN JUST A LIVING
FOR THE MINUTE ♪
♪ WELL. WAY DOWN YONDER ON THE
CHATTAHOOCHEE. NEVER KNEW HOW
MUCH THAT MUDDY WATER MEANT TO
ME ♪
♪ BUT I LEARNED
HOW TO SWIM AND
I LEARNED WHO I WAS ♪
♪ A LOT ABOUT LIVIN' AND A
LITTLE BOUT LOVE ♪
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ IT'S PAINTED RED. THE STRIPE
WAS WHITE ♪
♪ 18 FEET FROM BOW TO STERN
LIGHT ♪
♪ SECONDHAND FROM A DEALER IN
ATLANTA ♪
♪ I RODE UP WITH DADDY WHEN HE
WENT THERE TO GET HER ♪
♪ PUT ON A SHINE. PUT ON A
MOTOR ♪
♪ BUILT OUT OF LOVE. MADE FOR
THE WATER ♪
♪ RAN HER FOR YEARS. TILL THAT
TRANSOM GOT ROTTEN ♪
♪ A PIECE OF MY CHILDHOOD WILL
NEVER BE FORGOTTEN ♪
♪ IT WAS JUST AN OLD PLYWOOD
BOAT ♪
♪ A '75 JOHNSON WITH ELECTRIC
CHOKE ♪
♪ A YOUNG BOY TWO HANDS ON THE
WHEEL ♪
♪ I CAN'T REPLACE THE WAY IT
MADE ME FEEL ♪
♪ AND I WOULD TURN HER SHARP
♪ AND I WOULD MAKE IT WHINE
♪ HE'D SAY YOU CAN'T BEAT THE
WAY AN OLD WOOD BOAT RIDES ♪
♪ JUST A LITTLE
LAKE ACROSS THE
ALABAMA LINE ♪
♪ BUT I WAS KING OF THE OCEAN
♪ WHEN DADDY LET ME DRIVE
♪ WHOA
♪ HE LET ME DRIVE
♪ OH. LET ME DRIVE ♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪
♪ DADDY WON A RADIO
♪ HE TUNED IT TO A COUNTRY
SHOW ♪
♪ I WAS ROCKIN'
IN THE CRADLE TO
THE CRYING OF A STEEL GUITAR ♪
♪ MAMA USED TO SING TO ME
♪ SHE TAUGHT ME THAT SWEET
HARMONY ♪
♪ NOW SHE WORRIES 'CAUSE SHE
NEVER THOUGHT I'D EVER REALLY
TAKE IT THIS FAR ♪
♪ SINGIN' IN THE BARS AND
CHASIN' THAT NEON RAINBOW ♪
♪ LIVIN' THAT HONKY-TONK DREAM
♪ IT'S ALL I'VE EVER WANTED IS
TO PICK THIS GUITAR AND SING ♪
♪ JUST TRYING TO BE SOMEBODY
♪ JUST WANNA BE HEARD AND SEEN
♪ CHASIN' THAT NEON RAINBOW
♪ LIVIN' THAT HONKY-TONK DREAM
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ DON'T ROCK THE JUKEBOX
♪ I WANNA HEAR SOME JONES
♪ MY HEART AIN'T READY
♪ FOR THE ROLLING STONES
♪ I DON'T FEEL LIKE ROCKIN'
♪ SINCE MY BABY'S GONE
♪ SO DON'T ROCK THE JUKEBOX
♪ PLAY ME A COUNTRY SONG
♪ BEFORE YOU DROP THAT QUARTER
♪ KEEP ONE THING IN MIND
♪ YOU GOT A HEARTBROKE
HILLBILLY ♪
♪ STANDING HERE IN LINE
♪ I'VE BEEN DOWN AND LONELY
♪ EVER SINCE SHE LEFT
♪ BEFORE YOU PUNCH THAT NUMBER
♪ COULD I MAKE ONE REQUEST
♪ DON'T ROCK THE JUKEBOX
♪ I WANNA HEAR SOME JONES
♪ 'CAUSE MY HEART AIN'T READY
♪ FOR THEM ROLLING STONES
♪ I DON'T FEEL LIKE ROCKIN'
♪ SINCE MY BABY'S GONE
♪ SO DON'T ROCK THE JUKEBOX
♪ PLAY ME A COUNTRY SONG
♪
♪ GUITAR
♪ I AIN'T GOT NOTHING
♪ AGAINST ROCK AND ROLL
♪ BUT WHEN YOUR HEART'S BEEN
BROKEN ♪
♪ YOU NEED A SONG THAT'S SLOW
♪ THERE AIN'T NOTHING LIKE A
STEEL GUITAR SNOES
♪
♪ TO DROWN A MEMORY
♪ BEFORE YOU SPEND YOUR MONEY.
BABY ♪
♪ PLAY A SONG FOR ME
♪ AND DON'T ROCK THE JUKEBOX
♪ I WANNA HEAR GEORGE JONES
♪ 'CAUSE MY HEART AIN'T READY
♪ FOR THE ROLLING STONES
♪ I DON'T FEEL LIKE ROCKIN'
♪ SINCE MY BABY'S GONE
♪ SO DON'T ROCK THE JUKEBOX
♪ PLAY ME A COUNTRY SONG
♪ YEAH. DON'T ROCK THE JUKEBOX
♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> AND NOW IT IS OUR HONOR TO
PRESENT THE WILLIE NELSON
LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD TO
ALAN JACKSON!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> WELL. THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I APPRECIATE
Y'ALL SINGING TOO.
THAT WAS NICE.
COUNTRY MUSIC'S BEEN REAL GOOD
TO ME.
AND I FELL IN
LOVE WITH IT WHEN
I WAS A YOUNG MAN.
I REALLY LOVE THE INSTRUMENTS.
THE STEEL GUITARS AND THE
FIDDLES AND THINGS LIKE THAT
THAT GAVE IT SUCH A UNIQUE
CHARACTER TO ME
AND MADE IT ITS
OWN.
AND I LOVE THE LYRICS IN THE
SONGS AND THE ARTISTS AND THE
MELODIES AND THE HARMONIES.
IT'S JUST REAL
AMERICAN MUSIC TO
ME.
ONE NIGHT WATCHING TELEVISION
AND THIS MOVIE
CAME ON ABOUT THE
LIFE OF HANK
WILLIAMS. pIT JUST .
>> WE LOVE YOU!
>> I CAME TO NASHVILLE WITH
NOTHING.
CARRIE WAS TALKING ABOUT THREE
CHORDS AND THE TRUTH.
MINE WAS MORE
LIKE THREE CHORDS
AND A PRAYER.
THAT PRAYER GOT ANSWERED A
LITTLE BIT.
BUT ANYWAY. SO I'VE JUST BEEN
SUCH A FAN OF
THIS MUSIC. AND I
WANTED TO COME
TO NASHVILLE AND
TRY TO CARRY IT ON. THE KIND
THAT I LOVED.
AND IT'S -- THANK YOU.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
AS MY MAMA WOULD SAY. I'M SO
BLESSED. AND I HAVE BEEN SO
BLESSED.
I'VE HAD A GREAT
TEAM AROUND ME
MY WHOLE CAREER
THAT HAVE HELPED
ME AND GREAT SONGWRITERS AND
JUST I'VE BEEN SO FORTUNATE TO
HAVE ALL THAT TO HELP ME GET
THIS FAR.
AND I CAN'T THANK EVERYBODY
THAT'S BEEN IN
MY LIFE ALL THESE
YEARS. BUT I DO HAVE TO SAY
THANKS TO MY WIFE DENISE OVER
THERE SOMEWHERE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
WE STARTED OUT
AS TEENAGERS. AND
SHE'S HUNG IN THERE AND RODE
THIS ROLLER COASTER
RIDE WITH ME
FOR 40-SOMETHING YEARS NOW.
AND I'M PROBABLY
NOT ALWAYS THE
EASIEST PERSON TO LOVE. BUT
SHE'S HUNG IN THERE AND HELPED
ME THROUGH HARD
TIMES. AND WE'VE
SHARED GREAT TIMES.
THE GOOD AND THE
BAD. THE HAPPY
AND THE SAD.
WE'VE SURVIVED A LOT.
AND I JUST WANT TO THANK HER
BECAUSE SHE'S HELD ME UP ALL
THESE YEARS AND SHE'S MY BEST
FRIEND.
AND SHE GAVE ME A WONDERFUL
FAMILY OVER THERE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
SO THANKS AGAIN TO THE CMA AND
ALL THE WONDERFUL
FANS I'VE HAD
ALL OVER THE WORLD.
I APPRECIATE Y'ALL.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
AND RADIO AND ALL THE PARTS OF
COUNTRY MUSIC
THAT HAVE BEEN SO
GOOD TO ME ALL THESE YEARS.
I'VE DEFINITELY LIVED THE
AMERICAN DREAM.
AND LET ME HAVE THAT AWARD.
AND I'M STILL LIVING THAT
HONKY-TONK DREAM. Y'ALL.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Announcer: COMING UP NEXT.
JESSICA CHASTAIN AND MICHAEL
SHANNON PRESENT THE BIGGEST
AWARD OF THE
NIGHT. ENTERTAINER
OF THE YEAR.
IT'S THE CMA AWARDS. ONLY ON
ABC.
>> Announcer: THE 56th ANNUAL
CMA AWARDS ON ABC
BROUGHT TO YOU
BY CHEVROLET.
ELECTRIC VEHICLES FOR EVERYONE
EVERYWHERE.
>>> WELCOME BACK TO THE CMA
AWARDS.
AND NOW IT'S TIME
FOR THE FINAL
AND MOST PRESTIGIOUS AWARD OF
THE NIGHT. THE ONE WE'VE ALL
BEEN WAITING FOR.
ENTERTAINER OF
THE YEAR.
>> TO PRESENT IT ARE THE STARS
OF THE UPCOMING SERIES "GEORGE
AND TAMMY."
HERE ARE MICHAEL SHANNON AND
JESSICA CHASTAIN.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> THE CMA AWARD
FOR ENTERTAINER
OF THE YEAR HAS
QUITE A HISTORY.
GARTH BROOKS HAS
THE MOST WINS.
>> AND 50 YEARS
AGO LORETTA LYNN
WAS THE FIRST WOMAN TO WIN IT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> THIS YEAR'S
NOMINEES INCLUDE
THE REIGNING
ENTERTAINER OF THE
YEAR HOPING TO REPEAT AND FOUR
ARTISTS HOPING
TO BRING IT HOME
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
>> HERE THEY ARE.
THE NOMINEES FOR
ENTERTAINER OF
THE YEAR.
>> LUKE COMBS.
MIRANDA LAMBERT.
CHRIS STAPLETON.
CARRIE UNDERWOOD.
MORGAN WALLEN.
>> AND THE CMA AWARD FOR
ENTERTAINER OF THE YEAR GOES
TO --
LUKE COMBS!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ LET'S GET SOME
CANDLES BURNING
AND SOME RECORDS TURNING ♪
♪ ALL THE LIGHTS DOWN LOW
♪ TAKE IT NICE AND SLOW
♪ THE WAY YOUR BODY'S MOVING
♪ KEEP DOING WHAT YOU'RE DOING
TO ME ALL NIGHT LONG ♪
♪ WRITING OUR LOVE SONG
♪ GIRL I WANT IT. GOTTA HAVE
IT ♪
♪ LET THE PASSION TAKE US TO A
HIGHER PLACE ♪
>> OH. MY GOODNESS.
I NEVER EVER KNOW WHAT TO SAY.
I WANT TO THANK COUNTRY MUSIC
FOR MAKING MY
DREAMS COME TRUE.
MY BEAUTIFUL. BEAUTIFUL WIFE
NICOLE.
OUR BEAUTIFUL 4 1/2-MONTH-OLD
SON TEXAS. AT HOME RIGHT NOW.
AND THIS IS A DREAM COME TRUE.
THERE IS NOBODY
IN THIS CATEGORY
THAT DOESN'T DESERVE TO BE
STANDING UP HERE.
AND I AM JUST SO THANKFUL.
MY TEAM. KATHY. SONY RECORDS.
EVERYBODY THAT'S
BEEN A PART OF
THIS JOURNEY.
EVERYBODY IN THIS ROOM.
I OWE SO MUCH TO YOU.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
I JUST CANNOT BELIEVE THIS.
THANK YOU FOR COUNTRY MUSIC.
AND LET ME TELL YOU ONE MORE
THING ABOUT TONIGHT.
THIS IS MY FIFTH OR SIXTH YEAR
BEING AT THIS AWARDS SHOW. AND
COUNTRY'S SOUNDED MORE COUNTRY
THAN IT HAS IN A LONG TIME
TONIGHT. AND I THINK WE ALL
WANTED THAT.
I LOVE Y'ALL.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> CONGRATULATIONS. LUKE COMBS
ON WINNING ENTERTAINE OF THE
YEAR.
>> AND CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL
OUR NOMINEES AND WINNERS.
LUKE. IT'S BEEN A LOT OF FUN.
PAL.
>> THANK Y'ALL FOR HAVING US.
>> BE SAFE. BE WELL.
GOOD NIGHT. EVERYBODY.
>> Announcer: TONIGHT'S CMA
AWARDS WERE DETERMINED BY THE
6.200 INDUSTRY PROFESSIONAL
MEMBERS OF THE COUNTRY MUSIC
ASSOCIATION.
THE BALLOTS WERE TABULATED BY
THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
ORGANIZATION DELOITTE AND THE
RESULTS ARE REVEALED FOR THE
FIRST TIME TONIGHT.
♪
ALL NEW "JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE"
TONIGHT ON ABC.
♪